1996 World Champion: It takes great sacrifice to make it to the top.
A Display of My Dark Power: "What would you say is my greatest attribute? Is it my gluttonous lust for power?"
Abandon Hope: As Gerrard's form vanished into the maw of trees, Hanna mouthed a silent plea, mourning a crushed dream.
Abattoir Ghoul: Death took his humanity but not his skill with the knife.
Abbey Gargoyles: "They don't move, do they?" / "Only for the wrong sort of people." / "Are we the wrong sort of people?"
Abbey Gargoyles: "Though Serra has not been seen for twenty years, her Gargoyles still watch over our city and punish the guilty." / —Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Abbey Gargoyles: "Though Serra has not been seen for twenty years, her gargoyles still watch over our city and punish the guilty." / —Gulsen, abbey matron
Abbey Griffin: "The darkness crawls with vampires and ghouls, but we are not without allies." / —Mikaeus, the Lunarch
Abbey Matron: "The Matrons are kindly souls, but don't ask one for an ale." / —Halina, Dwarven Trader
Abbey Matron: "The Matrons still say Serra is coming back. I bet she never even existed." / —Murat, Death Speaker
Abeyance: "I'm too modest a wizard to reveal the full extent of my abilities." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Abjure: Mirri's hackles rose as Ertai continued expounding his virtues. "If that arrogant brat doesn't shut up soon," she growled to herself, "I'm going to have to kill him."
Abolish: As war raged on, the young mages became more direct in their tactics, often at great cost.
Aboroth: The Weatherlight banked sharply as the colossal beast rose up to crush the lone rider. "My bet's on the dirt," Gerrard said flatly.
Aboshan, Cephalid Emperor: "No one can fight the tide forever."
About Face: The overconfident are the most vulnerable.
Abrupt Decay: The Izzet quickly suspended their policy of lifetime guarantees.
Absolute Grace: In pursuit of Urza, the Phyrexians sent countless foul legions into Serra's realm. Though beaten back, they left it tainted with uncleansable evil.
Absolute Law: The strength of law is unwavering. It is an iron bar in a world of water.
Absorb: "Your presumption is your downfall."
Abuna Acolyte: "You can break nothing I cannot mend."
Abyssal Gatekeeper: "There are two ways for me to pass this gate. One involves you remaining conscious." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Abyssal Horror: "I dreamt of it once. Now I fear it dreams of me." / —Tolarian scholar
Abyssal Horror: It has no face of its own—it wears that of its latest victim.
Abyssal Hunter: Some smiles show cheer; some merely show teeth.
Abyssal Nocturnus: "I fear to keep an open mind, for there are those who would use it as a door to my soul." / —Voka Schlak, / Mauzam Asylum inmate, diary
Abyssal Persecutor: His slaves crave death more than they desire freedom. He denies them both.
Abyssal Specter: "Mystic shadow, bending near me, / / Who art thou? / Whence come ye?" / —Stephen Crane, / "Mystic shadow, bending near me"
Abyssal Specter: "Open the gates, and bid them enter." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Abyssal Specter: To gaze under its hood is to invite death.
Abzan Banner: Stone to endure, roots to remember.
Abzan Battle Priest: "Wherever I walk, the ancestors walk too."
Abzan Falconer: The fastest way across the dunes is above.
Abzan Guide: "These roads are desolate and changeable. Follow me, or die in the wastes."
Academy Researchers: They brandish their latest theories as warriors would wield weapons.
Academy Ruins: Its secrets once wrought the greatest artifice ever known. Now crabs loot the rubble to decorate their shells.
Accelerate: "I've seen lightning move slower." / —Nomad sentry
Accelerated Mutation: Its food just got a lot smaller and its stomach a lot bigger.
Accorder Paladin: "I fight for the suns, the surface, and everything in between."
Accorder's Shield: An Auriok shield is polished to a mirror finish even on the inside, enabling its bearer to watch foes ahead and behind.
Accumulated Knowledge: "I have seen and heard much here. There are secrets within secrets. Let me show you." / —Takara, to Eladamri
Accursed Centaur: "The Cabal mocks the natural order. For its minions, death is just a pause between duties." / —Kamahl, druid acolyte
Accursed Spirit: Many have heard the slither of dragging armor and the soft squelch of its voice. But only its victims ever meet its icy gaze.
Acid Web Spider: Its web is an excellent source of found copper for the daring or the stupid.
Acidic Sliver: The first sliver burst against the cave wall, and others piled in behind to deepen the new tunnel.
Acidic Soil: Phyrexia had tried to take Urza's soul. He was relieved that Shiv tried to claim only his soles.
Acolyte of Xathrid: Like all priests, she gives her blessings only to those truly worthy of them.
Acorn Catapult: The Kalonian word for "ammunition" is the same as the word for "bait."
Acquire: "Ownership' is such a fray area."
Acquire: Sometimes "innovation" means "stealing another's secret before anyone else can."
Acridian: The elves of Argoth were trained to ride these creatures, even when their mounts traveled upside-down.
Act of Treason: "Rage courses in every heart, yearning to betray its rational prison." / —Sarkhan Vol
Act of Treason: "The Sultai take our dead, so we shall take their living!" / —Taklai, Mardu ragesinger
Act of Treason: Each day uncertainty and rumors spread, and each night attendance at the Juri Revue increases.
Act on Impulse: "You don't want to know what happens after I put on the goggles."
Ad Nauseam: When the task spilled over into undeath, he stopped calling it his life's work.
Adamaro, First to Desire: "Beware Adamaro! In him all pain and anger is perfected." / —Isao, Enlightened Bushi
Adaptive Automaton: Such loyalty can only be made.
Adaptive Snapjaw: "Eh, needs more toad." / —Gulistan, Simic biomancer
Adarkar Sentinel: "We encountered the Sentinels in the wastes, near no living thing. Their purpose was inscrutable." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Adarkar Sentinel: "We encountered the sentinels in the wastes, near no living thing. Their purpose was inscrutable." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Adarkar Unicorn: "There is no nobler creature in all of Terisiare." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Adarkar Valkyrie: She doesn't escort the dead to the afterlife, but instead raises them to fight and die again.
Adarkar Windform: Terisiare has only two kinds of weather: cold and weird.
Addle: "I'll wring out your tiny mind like a sponge." / —Urborg witch
Adun Oakenshield: ". . . And at his passing, the bodies of the world's great warriors shall rise from their graves and follow him to battle." / —The Anvilonian Grimoire
Adun Oakenshield: ". . . And at his passing, the bodies of the world's great warriors shall rise from their graves and follow him to battle." —The Anvilonian Grimoire
Advance Scout: "The soldier's path is worn smooth by the tread of many feet—all in one direction, none returning." / —Oracle en-Vec
Advanced Hoverguard: "They are like their vedalken masters: untouchable, aloof, and omnipresent." / —Bruenna, Neurok leader
Advantageous Proclamation: "The beneficent council deems you worthy of favor. They hope this doesn't provoke envy from your peers."
Advent of the Wurm: The consciousness of Mat'Selesnya does not always spread in peaceful ways.
Adventuring Gear: An explorer's essentials in a wild world.
Advocate of the Beast: "I am neither their drover nor their leader. To these majestic beasts, I am simply their herdmate and nothing more."
Aegis of the Gods: Athreos cares little for the other gods' conflict with mortals. He is concerned only with safe passage for the dead.
Aegis of the Meek: "With this marvel, even the weak have a fighting chance!" / —Arcum Dagsson, / Soldevi Machinist
Aeolipile: "Although fragile, the Aeolipile could be quite destructive." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Aeolipile: "Although fragile, the aeolipile could be quite destructive." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Aerial Caravan: Successful delivery is not guaranteed.
Aerial Maneuver: "When you put all of yourself into an attack, without fear or hesitation, in that instant you may attain greatness." / —Predak, Gateless freemage
Aerial Predation: In the towering trees of the Samok Stand and the predators that guard them, the might of the Ravnican wild has returned.
Aerie Mystics: They are cautious with their body language and facial expressions. Any stray movement could betray the positions of the troops they protect and cost many lives.
Aerie Worshippers: They can conjure stars from a clear sky.
Aeronaut Tinkerer: "All tinkerers have their heads in the clouds. I don't intend to stop there."
Aesthir Glider: "A fine example of the rewards of artifice: a thoroughly obedient steed with wings of Soldevi steel." / —Arcum Dagsson, / Soldevi Machinist
Aesthir Glider: "Sacrilege A noble ally in life, made nothing more than a glorified kite in death" / —Arna Kennerüd, Skycaptain
Aesthir Glider: "Sacrilege! A noble ally in life, made nothing more than a glorified kite in death!" / —Arna Kennerüd, skycaptain
Affa Guard Hound: Once a welcoming hub for explorers, Affa became a place of guarded tongues and quick defenses.
Afflict: One rarely notices a heartbeat, save when it is stolen.
Afflict: When one of the Patriarch's champions displeased him, he would only shake his finger. That was enough.
Afflicted Deserter: The rising of the first full moon eliminated any doubt as to the horrible truth lurking within.
Afterlife: Facets of life, reflections of the soul.
Aftershock: "Every act of destruction has a repercussion." / —Karn, silver golem
Ageless Entity: Tel-Jilad's sworn protectors are the trolls, yet more fearsome protectors were created by the Tangle itself.
Agent of Erebos: Erebos's minions hunt the Returned and warn those who consider the same folly.
Agent of Horizons: The light in the woods just before dawn reveals a glimmering network of branches, roots, and spiderwebs. The acolytes of Kruphix walk this lattice unseen.
Agent of Masks: "You say that I am two-faced? Enough with the flattery. We have business to conduct."
Agent of Shauku: "Go ahead. Take it. You'll be so very powerful . . . and what harm can it do?"
Agent of Stromgald: "The Order of Stromgald spreads its poisonous lies from within Varchild's troops, and still she sees only visions of conquest." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Agent of Stromgald: "The ‘fabled' Order of Stromgald is cast to the four winds, lost for all time. I, for one, give them no thought." / —General Varchild
Agent of the Fates: "You are breathing borrowed air."
Aggravate: "Barbarians! They burned my favorite chair! We'll kill them all!" / —Anje Falkenrath
Aggression: The star that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Aggressive Mining: Designed by Markus Persson
Aggressive Urge: The power of the wild, concentrated in a single charge.
Agonizing Memories: "An innocent man died because of my anger. That knowledge will haunt me for all eternity." / —Karn, silver golem
Agonizing Memories: "I think little of the foes I've slain. But I'm haunted by the friends I've sent to die." / —The Southern Paladin
Agonizing Memories: In the aftermath of war, when the slaying is long done, the greatest miseries come home to roost.
Agony Warp: Life's circle has become inverted in Grixis. The same energy is endlessly recycled and becomes more stagnant with each pass.
Agoraphobia: "Everyone in this city is choosing sides. I choose inside."
Agrus Kos, Wojek Veteran: Lieutenant Kos has never met a group of recruits he could not inspire or a mob he could not quell.
Ainok Bond-Kin: "Hold the line, for family and the fallen!"
Ainok Tracker: Some ainok of the mountains are accepted among the Temur as trusted hunt-mates.
Air Bladder: Random mutations among Rootwater merfolk were common—and disturbing.
Air Elemental: "The East Wind, an interloper in the dominions of Westerly Weather, is an impassive-faced tyrant with a sharp poniard held behind his back for a treacherous stab." / —Joseph Conrad, The Mirror of the Sea
Air Elemental: As insubstantial, and as powerful, as the wind that carries it.
Air Elemental: Pray that it doesn't seek the safety of your lungs.
Air Elemental: These spirits of the air are winsome and wild and cannot be truly contained. Only marginally intelligent, they often substitute whimsy for strategy, delighting in mischief and mayhem.
Air Elemental: These spirits of the air are winsome and wild, and cannot be truly contained. Only marginally intelligent, they often substitute whimsy for strategy, delighting in mischief and mayhem.
Air Elemental: Where psycho meets cyclone.
Air Servant: "Wind is forceful, yet ephemeral. It can knock a dragon out of the sky, yet pass through the smallest crack unhindered." / —Jestus Dreya, Of Elements and Eternity
Airborne Aid: "We help our Southern Order comrades as much as we can. But the Cabal's insidious influence spreads, dividing our forces and leaving new arrivals to fend for themselves." / —Commander Eesha
Airdrop Condor: It has two kinds of droppings, neither of which is particularly pleasant.
Ajani's Chosen: "United, our roar will level mountains."
Ajani's Mantra: "He hasn't returned to the Cloud Forest. But I can still sense his calming presence." / —Zaliki of Naya
Ajani's Pridemate: "When one of us prospers, the pride prospers." / —Jazal Goldmane
Ajani's Sunstriker: "Ajani goes where he is needed most and in his name we keep his lands safe."
Akki Avalanchers: Among Godo's hordes, "beware of falling rocks" came to mean "akki live nearby."
Akki Blizzard-Herder: "It remains unclear whether the akki shamans could in fact create storms or simply predicted them." / —The History of Kamigawa
Akki Coalflinger: No matter where you find them, goblins love rocks.
Akki Drillmaster: "What part of ‘hayaku ikee!' did you not understand?"
Akki Raider: Akki were very territorial, attacking and destroying any settlements that came too close to their mountain homes. The more successful their raids, the bolder they became.
Akki Rockspeaker: The lava-proof shells of akki evolved over centuries, as akki pranks almost always got seriously out of hand.
Akki Underling: "I lost my hounds in the war and thus found myself employing akki as servants. I found their training to be remarkably similar." / —Kensuke, houndmaster
Akki Underminer: "Deep inside the Sokenzan Mountains, a band of akki discovered a cache of ancient items of power. Their ensuing spree of destruction became known as ‘The Three Days of Fun.'" / —Observations of the Kami War
Akoum Boulderfoot: "If you're in Akoum and you glimpse a shadow overhead, the worst thing you can do is duck." / —Chadir the Navigator
Akrasan Squire: Bant's armies are primarily composed of members of the Mortar caste, loyal commoners who haven't yet earned a sigil.
Akroan Conscriptor: "The time to serve is now."
Akroan Crusader: An Akroan soldier's worth is measured by the number of swords raised by his battle cry.
Akroan Hoplite: "Fair fight? How could it be a fair fight? We're Akroans. They're not."
Akroan Line Breaker: The enemies' shields are the first to shatter, and their battle line is never far behind.
Akroan Mastiff: Even when many of the soldiers who guarded Akros were called away, its safety was never in doubt.
Akroan Phalanx: Shields up, spears out, heels set, hearts firm.
Akroan Skyguard: "Trust me. When you have earned a god's favor, you'll know."
Akroma's Blessing: The clerics saw her as a divine gift. She saw them only as allies in her war against Phage.
Akroma's Devoted: Akroma asked for only one thing from her troops: unwavering, unconditional loyalty.
Akroma's Memorial: "No rest. No mercy. No matter what." / —Memorial inscription
Akroma's Vengeance: "Many must die for the one who should not have perished."
Akroma's Vengeance: Ixidor had only to imagine their ruin and Akroma made it so.
Akroma, Angel of Wrath Avatar: "Chuck's Virtual Party" avatar (2003)
Akroma, Angel of Wrath: "No rest. No mercy. No matter what."
Akroma, Angel of Wrath: "Wrath is no vice when inflicted upon the deserving."
Aku Djinn: "Your arrogance amazes me, Kaervek. Did you not know the price you would pay?" / —Mangara
Al-abara's Carpet: Al-abara simply laughed and lifted one finger, and the carpet carried her high out of our reach.
Alabaster Kirin: The appearance of a kirin signifies the passing or arrival of an important figure. As word of sightings spread, all the khans took it to mean themselves. Only the shaman Chianul thought of Sarkhan Vol.
Alabaster Leech: "Its stones seem to serve a healing function, but removing them intact is an exhausting process." / —Tolarian research notes
Alabaster Mage: "We hold sacred the powers of light and life. Truth and honor are our greatest weapons." / —Alabaster creed
Alabaster Potion: "Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity." / —D'Avenant proverb
Alabaster Potion: "Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity." —D'Avenant proverb
Alabaster Potion: Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity. / —D'Avenant proverb
Alabaster Wall: Its mortar is mixed with waters straight from the Fountain of Cho.
Alaborn Cavalier: "Course he ran! I wouldn't want to stare down that barrel, either!" / —Alaborn soldier
Alaborn Grenadier: "Ever proud, ever vigilant." / —Grenadier motto
Alaborn Musketeer: Muskets gave the Alaborn army an advantage it had long lacked—air defense.
Alaborn Trooper: "I dedicate my body to my country / And my life to my King." / —Alaborn Soldier's Oath
Aladdin's Ring: ". . . The magician drew a ring off his finger . . . , saying: 'It is a talisman against all evil, so long as you obey me.'" / —The Arabian Nights, / Junior Classics trans.
Aladdin's Ring: ". . . [T]he magician drew a ring off his finger . . . , saying: 'It is a talisman against all evil, so long as you obey me.'" / —The Arabian Nights, / Junior Classics trans.
Aladdin's Ring: "A good lamp will light your way. A good ring will clear it." / —Nervan, royal jeweler
Aladdin's Ring: "After these words the magician drew a ring off his finger, and put it on one of Aladdin's, saying: 'It is a talisman against all evil, so long as you obey me.'" —The Arabian Nights, Junior Classics trans.
Aladdin's Ring: Some say Aladdin's third wish was for this ring.
Alarum: "One timely cry of warning can save nine of surprise." / —Sidar Jabari
Alchemist's Apprentice: Side effects may include foul odors, scalding steam, and spontaneous nonexistence.
Alchemist's Refuge: Persecuted alchemists fled deep into Kessig's wilds, seeking solitude to continue their ghoulish craft.
Alert Shu Infantry: Kongming's predecessor helped Liu Bei win the battle of Fancheng by recognizing and defeating Cao Ren's use of the dreaded "Eight Gold Locks" formation.
Alexi's Cloak: "Doesn't look like much, does it?" / —Alexi, zephyr mage
Alexi, Zephyr Mage: The Keldons didn't know her name, but they still cursed her in battle.
Algae Gharial: It lurks just under the surface, using the algae-choked tar pits of Jund as both home and hunting blind.
Ali Baba: "When he reached the entrance of the cavern, he pronounced the words, ‘Open, Sesame!'" / —The Arabian Nights, Junior Classics trans.
Ali Baba: "When he reached the entrance of the cavern, he pronounced the words, ‘Open, Sesame!'" —The Arabian Nights, Junior Classics trans.
Aliban's Tower: "The people of Aysen built their roads with stones from these wonders. Aliban would be pleased with their ingenuity." / —Baki, Wizard Attendant
Aliban's Tower: "Those who hide in hollow towers would do well to remember the rain." / —Reyhan, Samite Alchemist
All Is Dust: "The emergence of the Eldrazi isn't necessarily a bad thing, as long as you've already lived a fulfilling and complete life without regrets." / —Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
All Shall Smolder in My Wake: "It's my goal to find the melting point of every substance."
All in Good Time: "Take a moment. Ponder the depths of your insignificance."
Alley Grifters: One distracts the victim, the other extracts the valuables.
Allied Strategies: Each commander looked at the others and wondered who would be first to break the alliance.
Alloy Golem: "We turned old weapons into new warriors." / —Jhoira, master artificer
Alloy Myr: With or without witnesses, the suns continued their prismatic dance.
Alluring Scent: Doom rarely smells this sweet.
Alluring Scent: No earthly armor is protection against this sweetness.
Alluring Siren: "The ground polluted floats with human gore, / And human carnage taints the dreadful shore / Fly swift the dangerous coast: let every ear / Be stopp'd against the song! 'tis death to hear!" / —Homer, The Odyssey, trans. Pope
Alluring Siren: She lures victims with promises of flesh, captures them in a net of deceit, and destroys them in the embrace of the sea.
Alms Beast: Alms-coins are only redeemable at Orzhov businesses.
Alms: "Helping people is mostly a matter of teaching them to help themselves." / —Sisay, journal
Alpha Authority: Even the bitterest enemies of the Burning-Tree Clan respect the strength of Borborygmos's rule.
Alpha Brawl: Being an alpha means proving it every full moon.
Alpha Kavu: Kavu leaders instinctively protect their herds from harm.
Alpha Myr: First to charge, first to fight.
Alpha Status: The best leaders are made by their followers.
Alpha Tyrranax: Hunger seized the tyrranax, and the Sylvok's vision quest ended in disaster.
Alpine Grizzly: The Temur welcome bears into the clan, fighting alongside them in battle. The relationship dates back to when they labored side by side under Sultai rule.
Altar of Dementia: "It is not that you will go mad. It is that you will beg for madness." / —Volrath
Altar of the Brood: Supplicants offer flesh and silver, flowers and blood. The altar takes what it will, eyes gleaming with unspoken promises.
Altar's Light: "The altar does nothing; the device is crushed under the weight of its own impurity." / —Ushanti, leonin seer
Altar's Reap: "Don't worry, your death will be as informative as possible." / —Gorghul, augur of skulls
Altar's Reap: "The demons don't care if we mutter niceties and act out ceremonies. Just kill him." / —Bishop Volpaig, servant of Griselbrand
Aluren: Squee bounced up and down. "I sees a horsey, an' a piggy, an' a—" / "If you don't shut up," hissed Mirri, "you'll see a kidney and a spleeny."
Amass the Components: "I knew I'd find a use for all that newt spittle!"
Ambassador Laquatus: "He smiles with poisoned lips." / —Empress Llawan
Ambassador Laquatus: "Life is a game. The only thing that matters is whether you're a pawn or a player."
Ambassador Oak: Treefolk and elves share a common interest in the forests, but really the elves just feel at home with the view from above.
Ambition's Cost: "Knowledge demands sacrifice."
Ambition's Cost: "When you give offense to heaven, to whom can you pray?" / —Cao Cao, quoting Confucius
Ambush Party: "Call it a cost of doing business. The best way to protect against thieves is to hire better thieves." / —Eron the Relentless
Ambush Party: "Fair fight? I'll take survival over chivalry any day!" / —Tor Wauki, Bandit King
Ambush Party: "The roads to Koskun Keep are mostly safe these days. Mostly." / —Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Ambush Viper: "Living creatures seldom impress me. But I like this one." / —Uta Falkenrath
Ambush: "Don't these goons have anything better to do?" / —Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Amnesia: "When one has witnessed the unspeakable, 'tis sometimes better to forget." / —Vervamon the Elder
Amnesia: "When one has witnessed the unspeakable, 'tis sometimes better to forget." —Vervamon the Elder
Amok: Crovax's rage was horrifying. Within moments only blood and shreds of flesh remained of the shapeshifter.
Amphibious Kavu: Merfolk raided the shores untroubled for years . . . until the shores started fighting back.
Amphin Cutthroat: "The amphin have long built their society in secret. While surface dwellers squabbled over trivial borders, they patiently expanded, building their ammonite temple-caves. Now amphin priests eye the shore, and amphin hunters gird for war." / —Gor Muldrak, Cryptohistories
Amphin Pathmage: "There are those who do not believe in the existence of the amphin. This seems somehow to be of their own design." / —Gor Muldrak, Cryptohistories
Amrou Kithkin: Quick and agile, Amrou Kithkin can usually escape from even the most fearsome opponents.
Amrou Scout: The people of Amrou were scattered by war and driven into hiding. Scouts maintain the beacon fires that signal "return" and "home."
Amrou Seekers: The paradise of Amrou Haven had become a field of cinders. Its people struggled to survive, hoping to see visions of its past in the strange storms that quickly passed.
Amugaba: The aven claim it feeds on thunder and rainbows.
Amulet of Kroog: Among the first allies Urza gained were the people of Kroog. As a sign of friendship, Urza gave the healers of the city potent amulets; afterwards, thousands journeyed to Kroog in hope of healing, greatly adding to the city's glory.
Amulet of Kroog: Among the first allies Urza gained were the people of Kroog. As a sign of friendship, Urza gave the healers of the city potent amulets; afterwards, thousands journeyed to Kroog in hope of healing.
Amulet of Unmaking: Trade to trade, not to keep. / —Suq'Ata motto
Amulet of Vigor: "After years of study, I've learned an important lesson: the relics we watch may be watching us back." / —Anowon, the Ruin Sage
An-Havva Constable: "Joskun and the other Constables serve with passion, if not with grace." / —Devin, Faerie Noble
An-Havva Constable: "Joskun and the other constables serve with passion, if not with grace." / —Devin, faerie noble
An-Havva Inn: "The Inn was ever a steady source of good cheer and kindness. Greatly do I miss it, now that I am gone." / —Ihsan's Shade
An-Havva Township: Folk of good heart will always find a home.
An-Zerrin Ruins: "The An-Zerrins have served me well, ever since I first killed them." / —Baron Sengir
Ana Disciple: "The blessings of Gaea alone are no longer enough."
Anaba Ancestor: "The Ancestors are the wisdom of the tribe and the soul of the Homelands. I am eternally in their debt." / —Taysir
Anaba Bodyguard: "Not all Minotaurs are tribal. Some are freelance." / —Eron the Relentless
Anaba Bodyguard: "Not all minotaurs are tribal. Some are freelance." / —Eron the Relentless
Anaba Bodyguard: "Not someone to pick a fight with, unless you're fond of pain." / —Halina, Dwarven Trader
Anaba Bodyguard: "They who challenge a minotaur enjoy the taste of their own blood." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Anaba Shaman: "Few master the powers of the earth as well as do the Shamans of the Minotaurs." / —Baki, Wizard Attendant
Anaba Shaman: "The Shamans? Ha They are mere craven cows not capable of true magic." / —Irini Sengir
Anaba Shaman: "The shamans? Ha! They are craven cows not capable of true magic." / —Irini Sengir
Anaba Shaman: Just try taking this bull by the horns.
Anaba Spirit Crafter: "The Spirit Crafters sing of all our people. They sing of those lost, of those found, and of those who are yet to be." / —Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Anaconda: If you're smaller than the anaconda, it considers you food. If you're larger than the anaconda, it considers you a lot of food.
Anaconda: Something soft bumped against the rowboat, then was gone.
Anaconda: You'll never find an anaconda in a swamp. It will always find you first.
Anafenza, the Foremost: Rarely at rest on the Amber Throne, Anafenza always leads the Abzan Houses to battle.
Anarchist: "I'll take that. You won't need it when the revolution comes."
Anarchist: Those who will not follow are doomed to lead.
Anarchy: "The Shaman waved the staff, and the land itself went mad." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Anarchy: "The shaman waved the staff, and the land itself went mad." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Anax and Cymede: Akros's greatest heroes are also its royalty.
Ancestor's Chosen: "The will of all, by my hand done."
Ancestor's Chosen: Empowered by generations of strength.
Ancestor's Prophet: "We have faced horrors of war and terrors beyond imagining. We will overcome the uncertainties of this new life."
Ancestral Mask: The masks, like the ancient trees they're grown from, lend strength to the dryads.
Ancestral Memories: "Even the ancient storytellers proclaimed Zhalfir to be dominant over all Jamuraa. Kaervek's invasion shocked us all." / —Hakim, Loreweaver
Ancestral Memories: "It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards." / —Lewis Carroll, / Through the Looking Glass
Ancient Amphitheater: The arbiter Galanda Feudkiller judges Lorwyn's squabbles from a lofty perspective.
Ancient Craving: "Knowledge demands sacrifice." / —Tojira, swamp queen
Ancient Craving: Knowledge demands sacrifice.
Ancient Den: Taj-Nar, throne of Raksha Golden Cub, destined leader of the leonin prides.
Ancient Grudge: If there's anything a werewolf hates, it's a collar—especially Avacyn's Collar, the symbol of her church.
Ancient Grudge: The time rifts remind Yavimaya of the enemies of its past and provide fresh fuel for its fires.
Ancient Hellkite: When a dragon attacks, there are no bystanders.
Ancient Kavu: Those with the ability to change their nature survived Phyrexia's biological attacks. Everything else died.
Ancient Ooze: The ooze has always been. The ooze will always be.
Ancient Runes: Ertai volunteered to open the portal. He figured he owed it one.
Ancient Silverback: The Phyrexian killing machines couldn't have known the seriousness of their mistake in wounding the ape—they'd never seen it angry.
Ancient Spider: It outlived both king and castle.
Ancient Tomb: There is no glory to be gained in the kingdom of the dead. / —Vec tomb inscription
Ancient Ziggurat: Built in honor of Alara's creatures, the ziggurat vanished long ago. When Progenitus awakened, the temple emerged again.
Ancient Ziggurat: Leylines branch out from its foundation like roots from a tree. These draw mana from every region and welcome all living things into its verdant chambers.
Andradite Leech: "Older specimens are completely encrusted with gems, which serve as both armor and weapons." / —Tolarian research notes
Angel of Despair: "I feel in them a sense of duty and commitment, yet I can feel nothing else. It is as if their duty is to an empty void." / —Razia
Angel of Despair: "I feel in them a sense of duty and commitment, yet I can feel nothing else. It is as if their duty is to an empty void." / —Razia, Boros archangel
Angel of Finality: "Better the dead depart utterly than be enslaved."
Angel of Flight Alabaster: She endures without Avacyn but secretly asks each soul she guides if it has seen her.
Angel of Glory's Rise: "Justice isn't done until undeath is undone."
Angel of Jubilation: "Though Innistrad is not cleansed of evil, we finally have cause to rejoice."
Angel of Mercy: "In times like these, people need to be reminded of compassion." / —Sisay
Angel of Mercy: A song of life soars over fields of blood.
Angel of Mercy: Every tear shed is a drop of immortality.
Angel of Retribution: Bitter vengeance never glowed so bright nor sang so sweet.
Angel of the Dire Hour: She arrived like a meteorite, and the enemy fell in a shock wave of holy vengeance.
Angel's Feather: If taken, it cuts the hand that clutches it. If given, it heals the hand that holds it.
Angel's Feather: The angel represents divine perfection; even the smallest feather is imbued with beauty and benevolence.
Angel's Herald: Rigorous faith and belief are rewarded on occasion, and richly so.
Angel's Mercy: "I understand your fears. I pity your doubts. I absolve you of both."
Angel's Mercy: "She rose above me, and in that moment Varrik the Bloody died and I was born." / —Varrik the Just
Angel's Mercy: "Until that day I cursed the angels, those uncaring lights in the sky. They rewarded my scorn with the gift of time, every year of which I've spent in devotion to their names." / —Torian Sha, soul warden
Angel's Mercy: Angels appear before both the blessed and the cursed, though most don't know which they are until they feel either the angel's kiss or her sword.
Angel's Tomb: "Faith can quicken the stones themselves with life." / —Writings of Mikaeus
Angelfire Crusader: Nothing burns hotter than the fires of holy rage.
Angelheart Vial: It holds a whisper from Iona: "Persevere."
Angelic Accord: As demons are drawn to suffering, angels are drawn to acts of benevolence.
Angelic Armaments: Forged in dark hours from the flame that would not die.
Angelic Benediction: "Even in single combat, I am never alone." / —Rafiq of the Many
Angelic Benediction: "Only the bravest are worthy of our blessing."
Angelic Blessing: A peasant can do more by faith than a king by proclamation.
Angelic Blessing: Only the warrior who can admit mortal weakness will be bolstered by immortal strength.
Angelic Blessing: The man who rose up to fight was not the same man knocked down.
Angelic Chorus: The harmony of the glorious is a dirge to the wicked.
Angelic Chorus: The very young and the very old know best the song the angels sing.
Angelic Curator: "Do not treat your people as you treat your artifacts. Let them go, and they will live; seal them here, and they will die." / —Urza, to Radiant
Angelic Edict: The Boros built a prison in the sky where Azorius statutes couldn't restrict their sense of justice.
Angelic Field Marshal: Her presence on the battlefield can transform an unruly mob into a disciplined army.
Angelic Overseer: From mortal hope immortal power springs.
Angelic Page: If only every message were as perfect as its bearer.
Angelic Page: If only every message were as perfect as its bearers.
Angelic Page: If only every message were as perfect as its messenger.
Angelic Protector: "My family sheltered in her light, the dark was content to wait." / —Crovax
Angelic Shield: "If only an angel's wings could shelter us all." / —Barrin
Angelic Shield: "If only an angel's wings could shelter us all." / —Barrin, master wizard
Angelic Skirmisher: "A keen mind wields an army as a deft hand wields a sword."
Angelic Wall: "The Ancestor protects us in ways we can't begin to comprehend." / —Mystic elder
Angelic Wall: "The air stirred as if fanned by angels' wings, and the enemy was turned aside." / —Tales of Ikarov the Voyager
Angelic Wall: Be at peace, and observe its beauty. Be at war, and feel its justice.
Angelsong: Clash of sword and cry of beast fall mute when angels sound the call to prayer.
Anger of the Gods: There was no reason to pray. This was already an act of the gods.
Anger: "For its time as a mortal, Anger chose a shell of boiling rock." / —Scroll of Beginnings
Anger: "Molten earth has no anger of its own. Only by infusing it with your own rage can the magma seethe and take shape." / —Koth of the Hammer
Angus Mackenzie: "Battles no longer served a purpose in Karakas." —Angus Mackenzie, Diary
Animal Boneyard: "The animal spirits are the Ancestor's grandchildren. Remember them." / —Mystic elder
Animate Land: Irony is getting walked on by the earth instead of the other way around.
Animate Wall: "When you have been bitten with fangs of granite, you start to long for the ivory sabers of tigers." / —Norin the Wary
Ankh of Mishra: Tawnos finally cracked the puzzle: the strange structures did not house Mishra's malevolent creations but were themselves among his creations.
Ankle Shanker: The stature of the fighter matters less than the depth of the cut.
Annex: Most refugees left their ancestral homes behind when they came to Otaria. A few decided to bring them along.
Annex: You should see how small the map is.
Annihilate: "Whatever Yawgmoth marks, dies. There is no escape." / —Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Annihilating Fire: "The most impressive performances can be done only once." / —Mote, Rakdos madcap
Annul: "Murder of the living is tragic, but murder of the idea is unforgivable." / —Janus, speaker of the synod
Annul: "Why pray to the gods, who feed on your worship? Dissolve your illusions and see the true nature of things." / —Xenagos, the Reveler
Annul: The most effective way to destroy a spell is to ensure it was never cast in the first place.
Anodet Lurker: These machines build fearsome visages out of scrap metal to scare off predators who would otherwise be eager to consume them.
Anowon, the Ruin Sage: "So many have died in search of that map. And now it appears in the hands of the arrogant child Chandra Nalaar."
Ant Queen: "Kill the queen first, or we'll be fighting her drones forever. It is not in a queen's nature to have enough servants." / —Borzard, exterminator captain
Anthousa, Setessan Hero: The warriors she leads can rarely keep pace with her, and neither can the tales.
Anthroplasm: I never metamorphosis I didn't like.
Antler Skulkin: Every skull has a tale to tell, and a skulkin is many dire tales cobbled together.
Anurid Barkripper: When it croaks, so do you.
Anurid Brushhopper: It's so tough it can frighten itself into hiding.
Anurid Murkdiver: Aphetto's swamps are alive with the dead.
Anurid Scavenger: Krosa's topmost bottom feeder.
Anurid Swarmsnapper: Anurids have the problem of airborne invaders licked.
Anvilwrought Raptor: "I know its lightness, for I have seen it fly. I know its weight, for I have seen it strike." / —Brigone, soldier of Meletis
Apes of Rath: Monkeys three, monkeys through.
Aphetto Alchemist: He brews trouble.
Aphetto Dredging: Phage became both executioner and savior, helping others to the same rebirth she had found.
Aphetto Grifter: Aphetto con artists started working in pairs to make it less likely they'd be the victims of con artists.
Aphetto Runecaster: "The ignorant fear change; the wise use it as a weapon."
Aphotic Wisps: Merrows skulk the silty bogs around the Wanderbrine, their very thoughts stained with evil.
Apocalypse Chime: "One day, or another, perhaps I shall ring my pretty chime . . . loudly, so that all may hear." / —Grandmother Sengir
Apocalypse: "There is a future in which I can see only mist and a single shadow." / —Oracle en-Vec
Apothecary Initiate: Kithkin jealously hoard their knowledge of poultices and remedies so that no outside threat can benefit from their wisdom.
Appetite for Brains: Just as with a peach, the first bite is always the juiciest.
Approach My Molten Realm: "It's a dragon-infested lavascape of notorious peril. Make yourselves at home."
Aquamoeba: Some tides need no moon.
Aquitect's Will: There is nowhere on Lorwyn that the Merrow Lanes cannot go.
Aquus Steed: In water, it's as graceful as a dolphin. On land, it darts and jerks so unpredictably that few can ride it for long.
Araba Mothrider: "My finest creations are fashioned after the moths of Eiganjo. They fly higher, faster, and more gracefully than any of my own designs." / —Noboru, master kitemaker
Arachnoid: It follows the green sun over Mirrodin's surface, spinning massive webs of whispersilk as it goes.
Arbalest Elite: There are few things as satisfying as a good, healthy thunk.
Arbiter of Knollridge: Though giants are mortal, they live so long and on such a grand scale that many small folk don't believe they ever truly die.
Arbor Elf: "The forest will surround you with its life if you are still and calm."
Arbor Elf: The Mul Daya elves reject their Tajuru kin, calling them arrogant tree-binders who think the roots serve the canopy.
Arc Lightning: "It is vain to look for a defense against lightning." / —Publius Syrus, Maxim 835, trans. Lyman
Arc Lightning: Lightning burns its own path.
Arc Lightning: Rainclouds don't last long in Shiv, but that doesn't stop the lightning.
Arc Runner: The storms of the wastelands form quickly and hit hard. Few have anything to do with rain.
Arc Trail: "Don't try to hit your enemies. Concentrate on the space between them, and fill the air with doom." / —Spear-Tribe teaching
Arc-Slogger: A shuffling sound and the smell of ozone follow the slogger as surely as its electric tail.
Arcane Laboratory: It soon became obvious that some experiments were best overseen by fireproof teachers.
Arcane Laboratory: Too many wizards spoil the spell, but too many spells spoil the wizard. / —Sign on entry to arcane lab
Arcane Melee: Debates between wizards are never purely academic.
Arcane Sanctum: "We must rely on our own knowledge, not on the dogma of the seekers or the mutterings of the sphinxes." / —Tullus of Palandius
Arcane Spyglass: It breaches not physical distances but temporal ones.
Arcane Teachings: Dwarves may teach at the speed of stone, but their results are solid.
Arcane Teachings: Not all knowledge is learned from parchment.
Arcanis the Omnipotent: "Do not concern yourself with my origin, my race, or my ancestry. Seek my record in the pits, and then make your wager."
Arcanis the Omnipotent: He has journeyed where none have been before. Now he returns to ensure that none follow.
Arcanis, the Omnipotent Avatar: 10E Participation Avatar
Arcanum Wings: Nobles don wings to reach the sky villas of their peers, exchanging them for more fashionable attire upon arrival.
Arcbound Bruiser: Break in case of emergency.
Arcbound Overseer Avatar: DST Prize Avatar
Arcbound Worker: The parts are as strong as the whole.
Archaeomancer: "Words of power never disappear. They sleep, awaiting those with the will to rouse them."
Archangel of Thune: Even the wicked have nightmares.
Archangel's Light: "This is the light of Avacyn. Even in her absence she offers us hope." / —Radulf, priest of Avacyn
Archangel: "My mother once told me angels sing their swords' names with each strike." / —Sisay, Captain of the Weatherlight
Archangel: The sky rang with the cries of armored seraphs, and the darkness made a tactical retreat.
Archdemon of Greed: "The price is paid. The power is mine!"
Archdemon of Unx: The necropolis at Unx was once a living city, its streets untrodden by death.
Archers' Parapet: Every shaft is graven with a name from a kin tree, calling upon the spirits of the ancestors to make it fly true.
Archetype of Aggression: "Did Purphoros bless Maikal because of his rage? Or did Maikal's rage blossom after he'd been blessed? Only the gods know." / —Eocles, oracle of Purphoros
Archetype of Courage: "It has been my experience that soldiers most fervently follow generals who lead by example." / —Elspeth
Archetype of Endurance: Despite its fearsome stature, it is as elusive as a shadow, circling round to stalk those who presume to hunt it.
Archetype of Finality: She sees mortals not as they wish to be, but as what they will become.
Archetype of Imagination: "Is it not the embodiment of our aspirations?" / —Prokopios, astronomer of Meletis
Architects of Will: This secret society of mages manipulates the beliefs and opinions of others.
Archivist: "Knowledge is a feast for the mind. Savor every swallow."
Archivist: "Sit down and read. Educate yourself for the coming conflicts." / —Mary Harris "Mother" Jones
Archivist: "Words—so innocent and powerless are they, as standing in a dictionary; how potent for good and evil they become to one who knows how to combine them" / —Nathaniel Hawthorne
Archivist: Some do. Some teach. The rest look it up.
Archon of Justice: In dark times, Truth bears a blade.
Archon of Redemption: Until Emeria is freed, he raises his sword in her name.
Archweaver: The silk of the archweavers adds structural integrity to otherwise unstable Izzet building sites.
Archwing Dragon: Swifter than an angel, crueler than a demon, and relentless as a ghoul.
Arctic Flats: "A realm once green now ruled by Frost, / Where flesh and field both pay its cost. / Those dearly loved, forever lost . . ." / —The Dynasty of Winter Kings
Arctic Foxes: "Those Foxes are wily, swift, and ferocious. They are the warriors of the snows." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Arctic Wolves: "No matter where we cat warriors go in the world, those stupid slobberers find us." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Arcum Dagsson: "Artifice sundered the world. It shall not again wreak such sorrow."
Arcum's Sleigh: "With the proper equipment and caution, one can travel anywhere." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Ardent Militia: "While the rest of us got paid to serve the Benalish army, the militia didn't. I used to say they stood for freedom—free and dumb." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Ardent Militia: Knights fight for honor and mercenaries fight for gold. The militia fights for hearth and home.
Ardent Militia: Some fight for honor and some for gold, but the militia fight for hearth and home.
Ardent Militia: Some fight for honor and some for gold, but the militia fights for hearth and home.
Ardent Recruit: "We lost our homes and our kin. We won't let those rotters take our future as well."
Arena Athlete: The Iroan Games award no medals. Athletes vie for a visit from Iroas, god of victory.
Arenson's Aura: "Cloak me in mystery, hide my names from my enemies, and let me draw from the well of power." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Arenson's Aura: "I have my faith, and I have my prayers. But if push comes to shove, I've also got a little something extra." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Argent Mutation: "My world is corrupted beyond cleansing. I must prevent this from happening to other worlds." / —Karn
Argent Sphinx: A great mirage, a dream of wings and silver.
Argentum Armor: Mirrodin's creator still lives, still shapes metal, and still commands world-shaking power.
Argivian Archaeologist: Fascinated by the lore of ancient struggles, the Archaeologist searches incessantly for remnants of an earlier, more powerful era.
Argivian Archaeologist: Fascinated by the lore of ancient struggles, the archaeologist searches incessantly for remnants of an earlier, more powerful era.
Argivian Blacksmith: Through years of study and training, the Blacksmiths of Argive became adept at reassembling the mangled remains of the strange, mechanical creatures abounding in their native land.
Argivian Find: "We often bury our pasts, and then someone comes along and digs them up." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Argivian Restoration: "The Argivian University taught me two things: always look to the past, and never dismiss what appears useless." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Argothian Elder: Sharpen your ears / —Elvish expression meaning "grow wiser"
Argothian Elder: Sharpen your ears / —Elvish expression meaning / "grow wiser"
Argothian Pixies: After the rape of Argoth Forest during the rule of the artificers, the Pixies of Argoth bent their magic to more practical ends.
Argothian Swine: In Argoth, the shortest path between two points is the one the swine make.
Argothian Treefolk: Haunting cries we hear in our dreams / As the forest dies, a death from / machines.
Ark of Blight: When opened, it erases entire landscapes from minds and maps.
Arm with Æther: "Anything we can do to hurt the Phyrexian invaders is worth dying for."
Armada Wurm: No one in the Conclave acts alone.
Armadillo Cloak: "Don't laugh. It works."
Armadillo Cloak: "Don't laugh. It works." / —Yavimaya ranger
Armageddon: "'O miserable of happy! Is this the end/ Of this new glorious world... ?'" / —John Milton, Paradise Lost
Armageddon: "‘O miserable of happy! Is this the end / Of this new glorious world . . . ?'" / —John Milton, Paradise Lost
Armageddon: A bloody dawn broke over a scabbed and tortured world.
Armageddon: War destroys more than just the land. War destroys hope.
Armament Corps: The Abzan avoid extended supply lines by incorporating weapons stores into their battle formations.
Armament Master: "We prepare for the known with daggers, rations, rope, and pitons. But we also prepare for the unknown with billycat tails, pikku roots, hedron chips . . ."
Armed Response: Raksha watched as the goblins continued to pour onto the Razor Fields. "They just don't know when to stop, do they?"
Armillary Sphere: The mysterious purpose of two of the rings had eluded Esper mages—until now.
Armistice: We all must profit for peace to last. / —Mercadian saying
Armor Sliver: Hanna: "We must learn how they protect each other." / Mirri: "After they're done trying to kill us, all right?"
Armor Sliver: Hanna: "We must learn how they protect each other." / Mirri: "After they've done trying to kill us, all right?"
Armor Thrull: "Except for a bare spot at the base of their skulls, Armor Thrulls bear interlocking plates and spikes with the strength of steel. Their design is almost artistic." / —Endrek Sahr, "Thrulls"
Armor Thrull: "The worst thing about being a mercenary for the Ebon Hand is having to wear a dead Thrull."Ivra Jursdotter
Armor Thrull: "The worst thing about being a mercenary for the Ebon Hand is having to wear a dead thrull." / —Ivra Jursdotter
Armor Thrull: "They gave their lives to strengthen the Order's armies, until they declined this honor in favor of joining the Thrull Rebellion." / —Jherana Rure, Counter-Insurgency Commander
Armor Thrull: Occasionally, an ally balked at wearing a dead Thrull as armor. The priests' whips, however, were usually enough to encourage a more practical outlook.
Armor of Faith: "Keep your chain mail, warrior. I have my own form of protection." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Armor of Faith: "Keep your chainmail, warrior. I have my own form of protection." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Armor of Faith: "Keep your chainmail, warrior. I have my own form of protection." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Armored Ascension: "The meadow sprang up beneath me, and I perceived a path from our people's defeat to our highest glory."
Armored Ascension: "Why enchant feathers to make them sturdy when we can enchant shields to make them fly?" / —Braenna, cobblesmith
Armored Ascension: With skill and strength honed upon the prairie, Naxtil won his battles high above it.
Armored Cancrix: Creatures displaced from time still turn up every year, stranded by the temporal disaster that once swept across Dominaria.
Armored Galleon: "Information equals profits. Our merchants sell it, or our pirates use it." / —Jefan, Talas ship captain
Armored Griffin: When an order for griffin barding comes in, blacksmiths prepare their forges for months of exacting work. They know griffins always detect imperfections and never haggle.
Armored Pegasus: "I always charge a little extra to take on a pegasus. They fly like eagles, kick like mules, and hide like hermits." / —Tahli en-Dal, bounty hunter
Armored Pegasus: "I always charge a little extra to take on a pegasus. They fly like eagles, kick like mules, and hide like hermits." / —Tahlil en-Dal, bounty hunter
Armored Pegasus: Asked how it survived a run-in with a bog imp, the pegasus just shook its mane and burped.
Armored Skaab: Literally made for battle.
Armored Transport: "If only our jails were as secure." / —Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Armored Warhorse: "When we of the Northern Verge claim a mount, no peasant's nag will do. It must be as strong as our virtue, and must join us of its own will." / —Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Armored Wolf-Rider: Wolf-riders of Selesnya apprentice from a young age. Each rider raises a wolf pup from birth to serve as a mount, hoping that one day the two will share the honor of guarding the Great Concourse.
Armorer Guildmage: Zhalfir's destiny rings in tempered steel. / —Armorer Guild maxim
Armory Guard: The Dimir agents watched from the shadows. "Eight hours, and I've yet to see him blink," Nefara hissed. "I suggest we find another way in."
Armory of Iroas: From a distance the weapons look pristine, but in fact they are tarnished and dented, each as unique as the champion who carried it to battle.
Arms Dealer: "Guaranteed to leave your enemies sufficiently stabbed, bitten, cleaved, or exploded." / —Grezkrick's Emporium motto
Arms Dealer: He has the weapons, he has the connections, and he knows the hangar's dark secret.
Army Ants: "Do not underestimate the power of many against one." / —Sidar Jabari
Army of Allah: On the day of victory no one is tired.Arab proverb
Army of the Damned: Sometimes death comes knocking. Sometimes it tears down the walls.
Arnjlot's Ascent: "The dreams of a child fulfilled: / The wind on my brow, / the air 'neath my feet." / —Arnjlot Olasson, Sky Mage
Arrest: "Unfortunately, it doesn't restrain the beast's smell." / —Glissa Sunseeker
Arrest: "We will prove your guilt. We don't arrest the innocent, you know." / —Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Arrest: Bladehold houses a rogues' gallery filled with the living "statues" of the worst enemies of the Auriok.
Arrest: Fayden didn't know if the giant had created the spehere's magic—only that he had to escape it to find Sifa.
Arrest: Orim had no memory of the previous night—the first thing she could remember was waking up with the dead guard's blood on her hands.
Arrogant Bloodlord: "I would rather take my own head than be thwarted by a presumptuous wretch with a shield and a dream."
Arrogant Vampire: Charm and grace may hide a foul heart.
Arrogant Wurm: It's hard to be humble when the whole world is bite size.
Arrogant Wurm: It's hard to be humble when the whole world is bite-size.
Arrow Storm: First the thunder, then the rain.
Arrows of Justice: Archers from the Horizon Military Academy hone their skills by targeting pickpockets blocks away.
Artful Dodge: Those who know the alleys and sewers of the Erdwal can disappear like smoke.
Artful Looter: PRICELESS PIC PILFERED / Painting Found Abandoned in Graveyard / Merfolk Decry Wizards' Treatment
Artifact Blast: The first line of defense against Urza and Mishra, the Artifact Blast achieved widespread fame until an unlucky mage discovered it was useless on the devices the brothers had already created.
Artifact Blast: The first line of defense against Urza and Mishra, the artifact blast achieved widespread fame until an unlucky mage discovered it was useless on the devices the brothers had already created.
Artifact Mutation: "From shards and splinters I call forth my living horde." / —Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Artifact Possession: Any black mage could coax a Thraxodemon to inhabit a magical device.
Artificer's Hex: "Some treasures aren't worth finding, let alone stealing." / —Dack Fayden
Artillerize: Phyrexian or Mirran, most goblins stick to the job they know best.
Artisan's Sorrow: Some seers read bones or entrails. Others just like to break things.
Ascendant Evincar: "Things are going to change around here." / —Crovax
Ascendant Evincar: His soul snared by an angel's curse, Crovax twisted heroism into its purest shadow.
Ascended Lawmage: A lawmage's runic script is an act of governance given form: legislation written directly onto the air itself.
Asceticism: "Let my ignominy build walls thicker than iron and stronger than darksteel." / —Thrun, the last troll
Ash Zealot: "Smarter than death? Let's see you outsmart my mace, necromancer!"
Asha's Favor: As his new wings lifted him high above Bant, Taric felt his earthly aspirations transform into heavenly resolve.
Ashcoat Bear: The bears wade into time rifts to feed. They do not fear the storms, and they are quick enough to snatch prey just as it blinks in or out of time.
Ashen Firebeast: "I'm not sure which impresses me most, its thoroughness or its intensity." / —Matoc, lavamancer
Ashen Monstrosity: There was a dull thunder at the vanguard, then shocked cries in the midst of the column. Moments later, Takada, last of the rearguard, faced the kami alone.
Ashen Powder: "What you call decay, I call ripening. You'll gain no sustenance from this harvest." / —Kaervek
Ashen Rider: One offering to appease her on her arrival. Another to celebrate her departure.
Ashen-Skin Zubera: When the Honden of Night's Reach began to crumble, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to haunt mortal dreams.
Ashenmoor Cohort: "None will concede a place for us in this world. If it is not for us, neither shall it be for them. We rest not until they choke in its cold ashes." / —Illulia of Nighthearth
Ashenmoor Gouger: After his hands had crumbled away, leaving only wickedly sharp points, he decided his only purpose was war.
Ashenmoor Liege: Cinders carry an ancestral grudge that makes them slow to trust and quick to retaliate.
Ashes of the Fallen: The ashes of the dead mingle with the soil, and both become as one.
Ashes to Ashes: "All rivers eventually run to the sea. My job is to sort out who goes first." / —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Ashes to Ashes: "Kings and beggars, they end the same— / Surrounded by stench, rot, and blame." / —Aline Corralurn, "Legacy"
Ashiok's Adept: "Every nightmare is a caged bird that yearns to be set free." / —Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
Ashling the Pilgrim Avatar: LRW Participation Avatar
Ashling, the Extinguisher Avatar: EVE Prize Avatar
Ashling, the Extinguisher: The Aurora had transformed her into a relentless force of destruction.
Ashmouth Hound: Its fiery paws make it easy to track, which is very useful when you want to go in exactly the opposite direction.
Ashnod's Altar: The Brothers' War scarred the land, but Ashnod left her mark in the bloodlines of those she tortured.
Ashnod's Battle Gear: This horrid invention clearly illustrates why Mishra's lieutenant was feared as much by her troops as by her foes.
Ashnod's Battle Gear: This invention shows why Ashnod was feared by her troops as well as her foes.
Ashnod's Coupon: Limited time offer. Void where prohibited. Limit one per purchase. Valid only in participating duels. This coupon is nontransferable and invalid if shattered, crumbled, detonated, pillaged, or otherwise disenchanted. Cash value less than 1/20 of a cent. Offer not valid in Quebec, Rhode Island, or where prohibited by law or the DCI.
Ashnod's Cylix: Few remember that Ashnod's defilement of Terisiare's resources outstripped even that of her peers.
Ashnod's Transmogrant: Ashnod found few willing to trade their humanity for the power she offered them.
Ashnod's Transmogrant: Ashnod found few willing to trade their humanity for the power she offered.
Ashnod: Ashnod served as Mishra's confidante while he led Fallaji weapons development before the Brothers' War. Whereas Mishra works in metals and stone, however, Ashnod works in living flesh. She sees all living things as prototype machines; her "improvements" to them make her as feared by allies as by enemies.
Asmira, Holy Avenger: "Omens lie in this early harvest's fruit." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Aspect of Gorgon: "My adopted children are loved no less." / —Pharika, god of affliction
Aspect of Hydra: "Even alone I outnumber you."
Asphodel Wanderer: He killed out of hate, so now only hate sustains him. He sought immortality, so the gods gave it to him.
Asphyxiate: "Some poisons enter through the blood. Some are ingested. Some are inhaled. All ways through which mortals draw strength are paths for poison." / —Agathe, priest of Pharika
Ass Whuppin': Asses to ashes, / Donkeys to dust.
Assassin's Strike: When Selesnya missionaries moved into the Shanav Quarter, they faced scorn, ridicule, and ultimately martyrdom.
Assassinate: "This is how wars are won—not with armies of soldiers but with a single knife blade, artfully placed." / —Yurin, royal assassin
Assassinate: The rulers of old Dominaria kept assassins on retainer. However, the true loyalty of these master killers was always to their peers. This elite brotherhood survived the fall of the old royal order.
Assault Griffin: "Fine soldiers guarded the northern front. They waited for two-legged foes and left the skies unheeded." / —General Avitora
Assault Griffin: "Griffins do not serve. They give freely to those they trust." / —Amira, skycaptain of Thune
Assault Griffin: "The Simic offer a prize to any biomancer who can breed a krasis to match a griffin in the air. It's never been claimed." / —Libuse, Boros sergeant
Assault Strobe: When breaking someone's face once just isn't enough.
Assault Zeppelid: "Show them to Razia and then to the Azorius sky marshals. We could create a fine bidding war—enough to fund the final stages of Project Kraj." / —Momir Vig
Assembly-Worker: With their factories long destroyed, some of Mishra's creations still toil in remote areas, endlessly performing and reperforming their last orders.
Assquatch: Who wants to see a picture of a big hairy ass?
Astral Slide: "The hum of the universe is never off-key." / —Mystic elder
Atalya, Samite Master: "Healing is a gift the divine ones have shared with us. It is a sacred trust."
Atinlay Igpay: Isthay iecepay ofay avorflay exttay oesn'tday eallyray aysay anythingay.
Atog: On Dominaria, a scavenger. On Mirrodin, a predator.
Atog: The bane of all artificers, the legendary Atogs devoured intricate tools to further their own twisted growth.
Atog: The bane of all artificers, the legendary atogs devoured intricate tools to further their own twisted growth.
Atogatog: It relishes old-fashioned family meals.
Attrition: "I will trade life for life with the insurgents. Our resources, unlike theirs, are limitless." / —Davvol, Evincar of Rath
Attunement: "The solution can hide for only so long." / —Urza
Auger Spree: "Finally, a weapon the Boros can't confiscate!" / —Juri, proprietor of the Juri Revue
Augur il-Vec: "If it would end this exile, my life is yours."
Augur of Skulls: Within each empty skull, it seeks ways to preserve its own failing undeath.
Augury Adept: Moonstones grant limited foresight but unlimited advantages.
Auntie's Hovel: The Stinkdrinker warren's hill of salvaged trinkets is large enough to cut a door in.
Aura Blast: "None of your history books mention me?" laughed Daria. "They will now."
Aura Extraction: Every day, Order clerics contain as much of the Mirari's energy as possible, hoping to delay Otaria's demise.
Aura Finesse: "Although armor and auras can be similar, the brains required to use them are worlds apart." / —Zilan, Makindi auramancer
Aura Flux: To some, the Tolarian sunrise was a blinding flash; to others, a lingering glow.
Aura Fracture: Jamuraa's rhystic mages treat magic as their garden, uprooting unwanted spells as bothersome weeds.
Aura Gnarlid: Kill a gnarlid with your first blow, or it'll cheerfully show you how it's done.
Aura Graft: "It's not really stealing. It's more like extended borrowing."
Aura Mutation: "Life can be found in all things, even things unnatural." / —Multani, maro-sorcerer
Aura Shards: Gaea forged her soldiers into self-wielding weapons that struck down all impurities.
Aura Thief: Illusion steals reality from the unwise.
Aura of Dominion: "Lies and deceit do yield results, but legitimate authority is the ultimate form of control." / —Meloku the Clouded Mirror
Aura of Silence: Not all silences are easily broken.
Auramancer's Guise: "Consider not what the mask hides, but what it can reveal."
Auramancer: "In memories, we can find our deepest reserves of strength."
Auramancer: Beauty stirs the memory like a sweet perfume excites the air.
Auratog: The auratog enjoys eating its wards.
Aurelia, the Warleader: Where Razia was aloof and untouchable, Aurelia is on the frontlines, calling for war.
Auriok Bladewarden: The Auriok have learned through constant struggle that allies are more precious than water.
Auriok Champion: "Her will shall banish the shadows. Her might shall punish the lawless. Her beauty shall restore the light." / —Ushanti, leonin seer
Auriok Edgewright: Auriok soldiers craft their own weapons, forging a connection to the steel with each blow of the hammer.
Auriok Glaivemaster: "Give me a bit of steel and I'll deliver it into the hearts of my enemies."
Auriok Replica: All the loyalty of the Auriok with only a trace of their self-righteousness.
Auriok Salvagers: "Memnarch or the vedalken salvage most of the large machines, leaving us only scraps. Scraps are enough."
Auriok Siege Sled: Everything in its path is either pushed aside or ground under.
Auriok Steelshaper: They put their safety in his hands. He puts sharpened steel in theirs.
Auriok Sunchaser: "Grant me loft. Grant me light. Grant me the accuracy I need to kill all who threaten Bladehold." / —Prayer to the Whitesun
Auriok Survivors: "We are Mirrodin's children. We will reclaim her—one scrap at a time, if we have to."
Auriok Transfixer: "My grandfather knew enough spells to fill a hundred scrolls. Nowadays, if a spell cannot fight the levelers, it is not even taught to our young."
Auriok Windwalker: Each generation, a handful of Auriok girls are allowed to visit the Cave of Light. They return riding the wind and brandishing steel.
Aurochs: One Auroch may feed a village, but a herd will flatten it.
Aurochs: One auroch may feed a village, but a herd will flatten it.
Aurochs: One aurochs may feed a village, but a herd will flatten it.
Aurora Griffin: Though a fierce fighter, its true value is that it inspires beleaguered forces.
Autochthon Wurm: The trainer awoke to begin the journey from the wurm's tail to its head. The sun was setting when she arrived.
Autumn Willow: "We must shake her limbs and rattle her brains." / —Grandmother Sengir
Autumn's Veil: The rustling of leaves and a passing shadow are a dryad's only trace.
Avacyn's Pilgrim: "Avacyn's protection is everywhere. From the holy church to the sacred glade, all that we see is under her blessed watch."
Avacyn, Angel of Hope: A golden helix streaked skyward from the Helvault. A thunderous explosion shattered the silver monolith and Avacyn emerged, free from her prison at last.
Avacynian Priest: Moorlanders speak in awe of the priests' talent for arriving just in time to drive off the wicked things that prowl the ravished parish.
Avalanche Tusker: "Hold the high ground, then bring it to your enemy" / —Surrak, khan of the Temur
Avalanche Tusker: "Hold the high ground, then bring it to your enemy." / —Surrak, khan of the Temur
Avalanche: "The pass was completely blocked by the avalanche; we're forced to turn back. Nevertheless, we've gone farther and seen more than any before us." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Avarice Amulet: Designed by Penny Arcade
Avarice Totem: Souls and steel, the essence of Mirrodin. Memnarch lacks one but has an abundance of the other.
Avatar of Discord: Such is the power of Rakdos that even his shadow takes on a cruel life of its own.
Avatar of Might: In their most desperate hour, the elves of Llanowar had one song left to sing.
Avatar of Slaughter: "Diplomacy has solved nothing. Only bloodspill can end this now. Call forth the warbringer." / —Basandra, Battle Seraph
Aven Archer: Aimed by the eyes of eagles, their arrows never miss the mark.
Aven Augur: "I have seen the future. It does not include you."
Aven Brigadier: He represents what little pride the Order has left.
Aven Cloudchaser: "At the Reapportionment, Eagle begged to be human. The Ancestor granted half that prayer." / —Nomad myth
Aven Envoy: Their grieving faces tell far more than a list of casualties ever could.
Aven Farseer: His enemies' trickery and deceit only fuel his righteous anger.
Aven Fisher: The same spears that catch their food today will defend their homes tomorrow.
Aven Fleetwing: "It was too fast, even for our veteran archers. They might as well have been blowing it kisses." / —Vulok, elvish archer
Aven Flock: Just as each added feather steadies the wing, so does the flock grow stronger with each new member.
Aven Fogbringer: "I cover the land with blankets and it sleeps."
Aven Mimeomancer: "If the skies are our only refuge, I will see all of us take wing."
Aven Redeemer: Redeemers rise with the sun, and the spirits of the people rise with them.
Aven Smokeweaver: In a world still pained from burns, some are born already scarred.
Aven Soulgazer: "Every question has a proper answer. Every soul has a proper place."
Aven Squire: When the meek charge into battle, courage becomes infectious.
Aven Trailblazer: "The bird wore the form of a man, bereft of filigree. Why do the Texts not speak of it?" / —Belator of Esper
Aven Trooper: The very skies seethe with the aven's hatred for the Cabal.
Aven Windreader: "The tiniest ripple tells a story ten fathoms deep."
Avenging Arrow: "Forgive the theft. Punish the deception." / —Alcarus, Selesnya archer
Avian Changeling: Today it flies with the flock. Tomorrow it may wake to find them gone, its body in an unfamiliar form.
Avizoa: "Maybe we can trap them with bait," thought Tahngarth, eyeing Squee.
Awaken the Ancient: Some days you stand to greet the horizon. Other days the horizon stands to greet you.
Awaken the Bear: When Temur warriors enter the battle trance known as "awakening the bear," they lose all sense of enemy or friend, seeing only threats to the wilderness.
Awakener Druid: The druids of Mazar treat each seedcone with respect for the warrior it will become.
Awakening Zone: The ground erupted in time with the hedron's thrum, a dirge of the last days.
Awakening: "There are times when destiny calls forth a people and demands an action. Now is the time. We are the people. This is our action. Charge!" / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Awe Strike: Stunned by the mere presence of the leonin kha, the nim raider quickly fell to its knees.
Awe for the Guilds: When the guilds cooperate, the guildless celebrate their peaceful society. When the guilds clash, the guildless just try to keep out of the way.
Awesome Presence: "At the core of all power is raw passion."Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Awesome Presence: "I shape my weapons from the fears of my enemies." / —Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Axebane Guardian: Only a worthy few are permitted within the sentient forest known as Axebane.
Axebane Stag: "When the spires have burned and the cobblestones are dust, he will take his rightful place as king of the wilds." / —Kirce, Axebane guardian
Axegrinder Giant: The angriest of giants are often the most skillful weaponsmiths. Their grudges fuel endless sessions at the forge, all the while growling ferociously to themselves.
Aysen Abbey: Serra's gift to her people: a symbol of faith and hope.
Aysen Bureaucrats: "All the tortures of my vault of horrors pale in comparison to dealing with those petty Bureaucrats." / —Baron Sengir
Aysen Bureaucrats: "I would say that our Bureaucrats are no better than vipers—but I shouldn't insult the vipers." / —Murat, Death Speaker
Aysen Bureaucrats: "I would say that our bureaucrats are no better than vipers—but I shouldn't insult the vipers." / —Murat, death speaker
Aysen Bureaucrats: "When one's word is law, one's whim is equally binding." / —Calmont, Aysen bureaucrat
Aysen Crusader: "A renegade rallying the rabble does not a true Crusader make." / —Irini Sengir
Aysen Crusader: "A renegade rallying the rabble does not a true crusader make." / —Irini Sengir
Aysen Highway: "Tread the roads of righteousness, Murat, lest you lose your way and be consumed." / —Baris, Serra Inquisitor
Ayumi, the Last Visitor: Before Shinka's walls were built, before the torii at Okina stood, she was there, tall and proud against the sky, and she will be there long after they have fallen into dust.
Azami, Lady of Scrolls: "Choices belong to those with the luxuries of time and distance. We have neither. I recommend we proceed with the plan to destroy all shrines of the kami." / —Lady Azami, letter to Sensei Hisoka
Azimaet Drake: "A vizier's dish, best served drenched in honey and almonds." / —Suq'Ata royal recipe
Azorius Arrester: "You have the right to remain silent. Mostly because I tire of your excuses."
Azorius Charm: "The rules of logic and order have already made the choice for you." / —Isperia
Azorius Cluestone: Its three sides represent the Sova, judges and arbitrators; the Jelenn, scribes and elocutors; and the Lyev, lawmages and enforcers.
Azorius First-Wing: With a steady diet of lawbreakers, Azorius griffins inevitably develop a resistance to the contraband magic that taints much of their prey.
Azorius Guildgate: Enter the Senate, the seat of justice and the foundation of Ravnican society.
Azorius Guildgate: The Azorius symbol stares down like a great eye, reminding visitors of the watchful presence of Isperia and her lawmages.
Azorius Herald: "As peace should be—gentle yet unstoppable." / —Augustin IV
Azorius Justiciar: "Your potential to commit a crime warrants further investigation."
Azorius Keyrune: "The higher the mind soars, the greater its understanding of the law." / —Isperia
Azorius Ploy: Azorius military tactics, like their legal tactics, capitalize on delay and nullification.
Azorius Signet: The maze-like design embodies the core of Azorius law—strict structure designed to test wills and stall change.
Azorius Æthermage: In her single metasphere are bound the records of every Ætheric transaction since the time of Azor.
Azure Drake: Little dreamt could seem so cruel / As waiting for the wings outspread, / The jagged teeth, the burning eyes, / And dagger-claws that clench to nerves.
Azure Drake: More so than "storm" or "pirate," "drake" is the word a sailor least wants to hear.
Azure Drake: The Azure Drake would be more powerful were it not so easily distracted.
Azure Mage: "We draw our power from the infinite ocean of the mind, where all manner of things can be conceived." / —Azure creed
Azusa, Lost but Seeking: "I do not miss Jukai Forest. It is not my home. My home is Kamigawa, its people my family. Wherever I set my pack and rest my head, I am home."
B-I-N-G-O: There was a farmer, had a hound . . .
B.F.M. (Big Furry Monster): "It was big. Really, really big. No, bigger / No, more. Look, we're talking krakens and
B.F.M. (Big Furry Monster): than that. Even bigger. Keep going. More. / dreadnoughts for jewelry. It was big" / —Arna Kennerüd, skyknight
Back from the Brink: On Innistrad, death is just a career change.
Back to Basics: "A ruler wears a crown while the rest of us wear hats, but which would you rather have when it's raining?" / —Barrin, Principia
Back to Nature: "Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same." / —Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays
Back to Nature: There will always be those who presume to improve nature, or dare to befoul it. And nature will always have a response.
Backlash: Darigaaz decided his foe would be more useful as a weapon.
Backslide: Some things are better left unknown.
Backup Plan: "In the market for an alternative, friend?"
Bad Ass: He wanders the land in search of Good Ass.
Baki's Curse: "Those who fling spells too quickly should have reason to regret it." / —Baki, Wizard Attendant
Bala Ged Scorpion: Fast and lethal, with a penchant for the weak and infirm.
Balance of Power: "To empty your mind is to fill your grave." / —Lat-Nam teaching
Balduvian Barbarians: "Barbarian raids were a concern to those living in the northwest provinces, but the Skyknights never dealt with the problem in a systematic way. They thought of the Balduvians as an ‘amusing model' of their forebears' culture." / —Kjeldor: Ice Civilization
Balduvian Barbarians: "Barbarian raids were a concern to those living in the northwest provinces, but the skyknights never dealt with the problem in a systematic way. They thought of the Balduvians as an ‘amusing model' of their forebears' culture." / —Kjeldor: Ice Civilization
Balduvian Barbarians: "From the snowy slopes of Kaelor, / To the canyons of Bandu, / We drink and fight and feast and die / As we were born to do." / —Balduvian tavern song
Balduvian Bears: "They're a hardy bunch, but I'd still bet that they just slept through the worst of the cold times." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Balduvian Conjurer: "The very lands of Balduvia are alive." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Balduvian Conjurer: "The very lands of Balduvia are alive." / —Arna Kennerüd, skyknight
Balduvian Frostwaker: "Whether frozen or fertile, the land is our ally. It awaits the call to battle."
Balduvian Horde: "Peace will come only when we have taken Varchild's head." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Balduvian Horde: "Peace will come only when we have taken Varchild's head." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Balduvian Rage: "Let your heartbeat be the thunder in the valley. Let your swords be the lightning on the peaks." / —Lothar Lovisason, Balduvian chieftain
Balduvian War-Makers: "Those mewling Barbarians will cower before my righteous steel" / —General Varchild
Balduvian War-Makers: "We send our best to battle, but every man, woman, and child will stand against Varchild's butchers."Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Balefire Dragon: If it comes for you, die boldly or die swiftly—for die you will.
Baleful Force: "As with any malevolent being, the trick is knowing how long you can afford to keep it in your service." / —Liliana Vess
Baleful Stare: "Though there is little to be learned from your dust and stones, I shall wring them dry nevertheless."
Baleful Stare: He can drown you in his eyes.
Baleful Strix: Its beak rends flesh and bone, exposing the tender marrow of dream.
Ball Lightning: "Life, struck sharp on death, Makes awful lightning." - Elizabeth Barrett Browning, "Aurora Leigh"
Ballista Squad: The perfect antidote for a tightly packed formation.
Balloon Peddler: The market festival turned out to be the high point of Jaffy's visit.
Ballynock Cohort: A kithkin's worst enemy is solitude.
Ballynock Trapper: No matter how large or small, fierce or fleeting, the kithkin have a trap for it.
Ballyrush Banneret: Only wool from the side of the springjack turned most often to the sun can be woven into kithkin battle standards. Jackherds record every movement of their woolly-jacks until shearing.
Balm of Restoration: "Not all armies enjoyed the services of a medic. For them, Balm of Restoration was that much more valuable." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Baloth Woodcrasher: Its insatiable hunger quickly depletes a region of prey. It must migrate from place to place to feed its massive bulk.
Balshan Collaborator: "Power, gold, crackers—every bird has its price." / —Chainer, dementia master
Balshan Griffin: It helps to have an extra direction in which to run.
Balthor the Defiled: He remembers enough of his life to weep for what he has lost.
Balthor the Stout: "I like to think of him as concentrated barbarian." / —Kamahl, pit fighter
Bandage: Life is measured in inches. To a healer, every one of those inches is precious.
Bandage: Takara shook with guilt. She knew the last image her father had seen was her sword flashing toward him.
Bane Alley Blackguard: "I'm in the field of procurement, and business is good. The guilds want all kinds of maps and relics these days, though what they want them for I'm not quite sure."
Bane of Hanweir: Technically he never left his post. He looks after the wolf wherever it goes.
Bane of Progress: It sees shaped stone and carved wood as mutilations.
Banefire: For Sarkhan Vol, the dragon is the purest expression of life's savage splendor.
Baneful Omen: "Ah, again it does not bode well for you."
Baneslayer Angel: Some angels protect the meek and innocent. Others seek out and smite evil wherever it lurks.
Banewasp Affliction: The consuming undeath of Grixis terrifies the survivors of Vithia, but its fauna is just as fearsome.
Banisher Priest: "Oathbreaker, I cast you out!"
Banishing Knack: Suddenly he realized that everything was connected by invisible strings, strings that could be pulled—or cut.
Banishment Decree: "Unworthy of consecration." / —Axsh, lesser cenobite
Banners Raised: After the destruction of the Helvault, fearful mobs soon became fearless battalions.
Banshee: Some say Banshees are the hounds of Death, baying to herd their prey into the arms of their master.
Bant Battlemage: "A night attack will be easy. We'll make an air raid over the Akrasan border. Just get me some flint to light the war torches."
Bant Charm: Bant is a world where death and chaos hold no sway.
Bant Panorama: Bant's hearts are as pure as its air and as bright as its skies.
Bant Sojourners: "We must spread Bant's light before we are shadowed over."
Bant Sureblade: Soldiers who fought through Grixis learned to hit first, recite the prayer of Asha later.
Bar the Door: "It may not look like much, but it's a good old door with strong wards. It'll hold." / —Olgard of the Skiltfolk
Barbarian Bully: "Out of my way"
Barbarian General: "Barbarian tribes with their rulers are inferior to Chinese states without them." / —Confucius, The Analects (trans. Lau)
Barbarian Horde: Only twenty years after the Sima clan united the empire, invading barbarians divided it again.
Barbarian Lunatic: "I once saw a single barbarian charge a band of twenty nomads. I've seen some crazy ones, too." / —Nomad sentry
Barbarian Outcast: "We offer power to anyone willing to take it. Sadly, few are unburdened enough by their prejudices to accept." / —Cabal surgeon
Barbarian Riftcutter: "Riftcutters are suicidal anarchists, waving those lightning axes around so much that the walls are as likely to fall as their foes." / —Heruj, Selesnya initiate
Barbary Apes: Unpredictable in the extreme, these carnivorous apes will prey even upon their own kind.
Barbed Battlegear: "One need only look at the inhabitants of this world to see that they are forged halfway to perfection. All they need is a whisper of the Glorious Word." / —Urabrask the Hidden
Barbed Field: Wherever they went, the Keldons transformed the land into a weapon.
Barbed Lightning: Every creature on Mirrodin is a lightning rod.
Barbed Shocker: Fervid shamans willingly submit to shockers in hopes of glimpsing the fortunes of the future.
Barbed Sliver: Spans of spines leapt from one sliver to the next, forming a deadly hedge around the Weatherlight.
Barbed Wire: A steel snake with ten thousand teeth.
Barbed-Back Wurm: "The Mwonvuli Jungle has given the darkness teeth for tearing the gift of life from the weak." / —Jolrael
Barbtooth Wurm: In its lair lies a carpet of bones.
Bargain: Bargaining with a goblin is like trading with a child; both believe they already own everything.
Bargaining Table: Although it looks like a game, business around the table is deadly serious.
Barkhide Mauler: Anywhere else they would be hunted for their skins, but in Wirewood, they are safe.
Barktooth Warbeard: He is devious and cunning, in both appearance and deed. Beware the Warbeard, for this brute bites as well as he barks!
Barl's Cage: For a dozen years the Cage had held Lord Ith, but as the Pretender Mairsil's power weakened, so did the bars.
Barl's Cage: For a dozen years the cage had held Lord Ith, but as the Pretender Mairsil's power weakened, so did the bars.
Baron Sengir: "Beast. Defiler. The source of all my pain." / —Ihsan's Shade
Baron Sengir: "Beast. Defiler. The source of all my pain." —Ihsan's Shade
Barony Vampire: "Poor little sun-dweller out past curfew. And to think, you might have survived if it wasn't so close to suppertime."
Barrage Ogre: The elves had devised countless strategies to combat Memnarch's war machines, but they had no idea what to do when one was thrown at them.
Barrage of Boulders: Crude tactics can be effective nonetheless.
Barrage of Expendables: Goblin generals don't distinguish between troops and ammunition.
Barreling Attack: "The trollish game of push-fall inspired this impressive tactic." / —Sidar Jabari
Barren Glory: "The only perfect world is an empty world, with no one to sin or wage war." / —Tarran, magus of the disk
Barrenton Cragtreads: "Boggarts are easy to get around. Just toss some mutton in another direction. Giants are a little harder. You have to be quick to avoid their steps. Cinders are the difficult ones, but even they have fears to be exploited."
Barrenton Medic: His dreams are filled with noxious powders and clinking vials.
Barrin's Spite: "Only vengeance matters now." / —Barrin
Barrin, Master Wizard: "Knowledge is no more expensive than ignorance, and at least as satisfying." / —Barrin, master wizard
Barrin: An old and powerful wizard living on the mysterious isle of Tolaria, Barrin is the teacher who trained the young Ertai. He is also Hanna's father, but for reasons known only to the two of them neither acknowledges the other—or their strained relationship.
Barrow Ghoul: "They killed my family to deny me a future. They fed on my ancestors to deny me a past." / —Crovax
Bartel Runeaxe: Thundering down from Hammerheim, no foe could slow Bartel's charge.
Barter in Blood: "In the game of conquest, who cares about the pawns if the king yet reigns?" / —Geth, keeper of the Vault
Barter in Blood: "We must all make sacrifices for the good of Innistrad." / —Sorin Markov
Basal Sliver: "Fascinating . . . These creatures display the paradox of tenacity and purposed self-destruction I have sought to breed into my thrulls." / —Endrek Sahr, master breeder
Basal Thrull: "Above all, a well crafted Thrull should be hideous—blasted of countenance and twisted of limb—to inspire fear and revulsion." / —Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
Basal Thrull: "To create the first Thrulls, I only introduced alchemic elements into the Order's necromancy; Tourach's principles remained unchanged." / —Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
Basal Thrull: Although my later designs were much more sophisticated, Basal Thrulls were no less a success." / —Endrek Sahr, "Thrulls"
Basal Thrull: Initially bred for sacrifice, the Thrulls eventually turned on their masters, the Order of the Ebon Hand, with gruesome results. / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Basal Thrull: Initially bred for sacrifice, the thrulls eventually turned on their masters, the Order of the Ebon Hand, with gruesome results. / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Basandra, Battle Seraph: "Why listen to the mumblings of wizards when the lash speaks true?"
Basilica Guards: "None may pass . . . for free."
Basilica Screecher: A screech in the night is all it takes for Orzhov debtors to clutch at their coin purses.
Basilisk Collar: During their endless travels, the mages of the Goma Fada caravan have learned ways to harness both life and death.
Bassara Tower Archer: Setessan warriors of Bassara Tower are known for their guerrilla tactics and skill with the bow. Interlopers into the Nessian Wood do not get far.
Bathe in Light: "Truth shines even in darkness. Those who march on the side of truth walk always in righteous light."
Baton of Morale: "The Goblins would kill to get ahold of this one." / —Arcum Dagsson, / Soldevi Machinist
Battered Golem: A dent marks every year of service, and it has as much rust as glory.
Batterhorn: Novice shopkeeps spend hours deciding how best to display their wares. Veterans focus on portability.
Battering Craghorn: Their skeletons can be found all over Skirk Ridge, tangled in each other's horns.
Battering Ram: By the time Mishra was defeated, no mage was foolish enough to rely heavily on walls.
Battering Sliver: Covered with hard shell-like plates, these slivers burrow through solid rock to carve out new nests for their hives.
Battle Cry: "In the thick of battle, you must keep your wits about you. Yelling a lot helps, too." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Battle Frenzy: "One day you, too, shall drink the blood of your foes. It is something to look forward to." / —Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Battle Hurda: "Murasan hurdas were too aggressive to tolerate a harness, so we put them on guard duty. Now the bandits can't get within spitting distance of us." / —Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Battle Hymn: "A church is just wood and walls. A congregation is the faithful praising the angels." / —Kolman, elder of Gatstaf
Battle Mastery: "Boom Boom Boots the size of oxcarts, then an axe like a falling sun. Elves scattered. Trees scattered. Even the hills ran for the hills" / —Clachan Tales
Battle Mastery: "Boom! Boom! Boots the size of oxcarts, then an axe like a falling sun. Elves scattered. Trees scattered. Even the hills ran for the hills!" / —Clachan Tales
Battle Rampart: "I will build no sanctuaries. The safety you seek can be won only by the sword." / —Yannash, outpost builder
Battle Sliver: "One emitted a strange series of buzzing clicks and guttural commands, then clawed arms emerged from all of them. Is there no limit to their adaptations?" / —Hastric, Thunian scout
Battle Squadron: The goblins made an unruly pile with military precision.
Battle Strain: The pits swallow the weak as predators swallow prey.
Battle of Wits: The wizard who reads a thousand books is powerful. The wizard who memorizes a thousand books is insane.
Battle of Wits: There is no loftier ambition than the pursuit of knowledge.
Battle-Mad Ronin: "I fought fiercely, bravely, and without mercy. Had I not struck down my captain in the heat of battle, I might have become a hero instead of an outcast."
Battle-Rattle Shaman: The shaman rattles not to inspire a battle fury but to drown out the shrieks of those fleeing the Eldrazi.
Battlefield Medic: "Death never stops to rest. Neither can we."
Battleflight Eagle: Eagles make fine mounts, but they're too proud to carry anyone for long.
Battlegate Mimic: Mimics don't need perfect disguises. They need only the perfect victims: the naive, the young, or the poor of sight.
Battleground Geist: Not content to nudge vases and chill drawing rooms, some geists muster spectral armies to claw at the hearts of the living.
Battlegrowth: "I would gladly die for the forest, but I'm much better at killing for it."
Battletide Alchemist: "I do not heal. Healing means that the pain has already been felt. To stop suffering, one must prevent the world's wounds altogether."
Battlewise Aven: Experience is a good teacher, not a kind one.
Battlewise Valor: It's never good to walk into an ambush, but with the right spell you might walk out again.
Bay Falcon: "Wear the falcon's feathers in your hair— / be fast as the falcon, bright as the Sun." / —"Rise on Wings," Zhalfirin song
Bayou Dragonfly: "Like a sugar stick with wings!" / —Squee, goblin cabin hand
Bazaar Krovod: The Hauler's Collective wields great influence over the Ravnican merchant class. Without it, little moves in the city.
Bazaar Trader: "No need for a hurda? How about these maps to recently discovered tombs? Or these vials of invisible potion? Very fancy . . ."
Beacon Behemoth: When its smoky plumes light Naya's sky, every creature from the smallest pip fawn to the largest rannet heeds the warning.
Beacon of Creation: A chorus of life heralds the arrival of Mirrodin's final sun.
Beacon of Destiny: "We all borrowed life from the Ancestor to exist in this world. Today, I repay that debt."
Beacon of Destruction: The Great Furnace's blessing is a spectacular sight, but the best view comes at a high cost.
Beacon of Immortality: The cave floods with light. A thousand rays shine forth and meld into one.
Beacon of Tomorrows: To look into its light is to meet the gaze of history.
Beacon of Unrest: A vertical scream pierces the night air and echoes doom through the clouds.
Bear Cub: Every little cub has its mother's teeth to guard it. / —Elvish saying
Bear's Companion: "The Sultai came hunting for a bear hide. Now I have a belt of naga skin, and my friend has a full belly."
Bearer of the Heavens: To hold the heavens from the earth is no curse, but a titanic responsibility.
Bearscape: "Nature is the endless dance between life and death." / —Seton, centaur druid
Beast Hunt: "Surely we could tame something besides hurdas and pillarfield oxen!" / —Sheyda, Ondu gamekeeper
Beast Walkers: "The Beast Walkers do a great service to Aysen. As humans or as beasts, their heart is yet to Serra true." / —Baris, Serra Inquisitor
Beast Within: "Kill the weak so they can't drag the strong down to their level. This is true compassion." / —Benzir, archdruid of Temple Might
Beast Within: "Monsters dwell in every heart. We only think civilization tames them." / —Euphemia, Nexus watcher
Beast of Burden: "If it is meant to be nothing but a machine," Karn finally asked Jhoira, "why did Urza build it to be like me?"
Beast of Burden: The heavier the load, the harder it works.
Beast of Burden: Though it was built as an instrument of labor, it wasn't long before it became an instrument of war.
Beasts of Bogardan: Bogardan is a land as volatile as the creatures who live there.
Beckon Apparition: The foyer is littered with the coins it demands but can no longer hold.
Beckon Apparition: When a graveyard is full, the gwyllions rattle the tombs and unleash the spirits into the sky.
Bedlam: Sometimes quantity, in the absence of quality, is good enough.
Bedlam: The generals were dead. The battle plans were forgotten. It was everyone for themselves.
Bee Sting: Busy as a bumblebee, blistered as a goblin. / —Alaborn saying
Bee Sting: There are few things as motivating as a swarm of bees.
Beetleback Chief: Whether trained, ridden, or eaten, few goblin military innovations have rivaled the bug.
Beetleform Mage: "When the Simic say to take command of your life, we don't mean just your career." / —Vorel of the Hull Clade
Befoul: "The land putrefied at its touch, turned into an oily bile in seconds." / —Radiant, archangel
Befoul: "When the rampaging kami at Reito had crushed the opposing militia, swarms of minor kami swept over the battlefield to consume all that remained." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Befoul: The bog's touch means death to all but the darkest of hearts.
Beguiler of Wills: "Come, let me free you of the tyranny of thought."
Behemoth Sledge: "May this grant you all the strength of the behemoths and none of their serenity." / —Ajani
Behemoth Sledge: Those who worship the great gargantuans could hardly be expected to fight with a subtle weapon.
Behemoth's Herald: "Mine is an insatiable god, with appetites as magnificent as the jungle itself."
Behold the Power of Destruction: "I'd call that a successful first test. Golem! Rearm the Doom Citadel!"
Belbe's Armor: It protects her from the ravages of Phyrexia and the savages of Rath.
Belbe's Percher: Long and powerful, these birds were used to carry messages to and from the evincar.
Belbe's Portal: The fight will continue on a new battlefield.
Belligerent Sliver: "The slivers became adept at provoking a fear response in other species." / —Hastric, Thunian scout
Bellows Lizard: As the price of wood and coal rose, smiths found creative ways to keep their forges burning.
Beloved Chaplain: Nomad and Nantuko, eagle and elephant; all the birds and beasts are charmed by his quiet dignity.
Ben-Ben, Akki Hermit: Some akki thought of Ben-Ben as a kami of trickery in disguise. They hunted for him in the maze of warrens, often falling prey to his traps.
Benalish Cavalry: "My people swore to protect Benalia to the end. It is battered, but yet stands, as do we."
Benalish Heralds: The detailed dispatch could be summarized in four words: "Time is running out."
Benalish Hero: Benalia has a complex caste system that changes with the lunar year. No matter what the season, the only caste that cannot be attained by either heredity or money is that of the Hero.
Benalish Hero: Benalia has a complex caste system that changes with the lunar year. No matter what the season, the only caste that cannot be attained by either heredity or money is that of the hero.
Benalish Infantry: "My favorite part of getting into the infantry was getting out again." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Benalish Knight: "We called them ‘armored lightning.'" / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Benalish Missionary: "These horn-haters say no gods but theirs exist. I say let him find out for himself—right now!" / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Benalish Trapper: "I'm up here. You're down there. Now who's the lower life form?"
Benalish Veteran: "One day I will rest and join my comrades in the afterlife, but not while scum like you still sully this world."
Benevolent Ancestor: Although the door is flimsy and the lock pathetically small, Josuri's family never fears the night outside.
Benevolent Bodyguard: "My destiny is to save others so their destinies may be achieved."
Benevolent Unicorn: The best use for a unicorn's horn is to adorn a unicorn. / —Femeref adage
Benthic Behemoth: "Deep devourer   concealed in darkhome / Shrouded it seeks   all becomes fodder / Once we swam   alone and asea / But no more." / —Rootwater Saga
Benthic Behemoth: The sea has many secrets, but some are too big to be kept.
Benthic Djinn: "In all my years I've only met one mage who successfully trapped a djinn—and none who tried and failed." / —Talibah, embermage
Benthic Explorers: Distant Atlantis charged these Explorers with the task of venturing into unknown waters to track the despised Viscerids.
Benthic Explorers: The rising oceans brought new lakes—and new terrors—to Terisiare. The Explorers found their ancient enemies spawning everywhere.
Benthic Giant: "Some fates you can see coming for you, plain as day, and there's nothing you can do about them." / —Callaphe the mariner
Bequeathal: "On my death, I give you this treasure: the knowledge that life is hard, yet too soon past." / —Dal funeral rite
Bereavement: "Grief is as useless as love." / —Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Bereavement: Grief is a razor that slices the soul.
Berserk Murlodont: "The harder we press forward, the harder Krosa pushes us back." / —Aven scout
Berserkers of Blood Ridge: They take a blood oath to die in battle. So far none have failed to fulfill the promise.
Beseech the Queen: Those who hear her go mad with inspiration.
Bestial Menace: "My battle cry reaches ears far keener than yours." / —Saidah, Joraga hunter
Betrayal: "Sometimes a burden can be borne only on the shoulders of a willing enemy." / —Suq'Ata aphorism
Bewilder: "Teferi snapped his fingers, and the viashino started clucking like a chicken. Silly, yes, but exactly the thing we needed to break the stifling tension." / —Jhoira, master artificer
Bident of Thassa: The wills of mortals shift as the tide ebbs and flows.
Bile Blight: Not an arrow loosed, javelin thrown, nor sword raised. None were needed.
Bile Urchin: "The two youths argued and tempers flared. One youth opened his mouth to utter a vile curse, but what he spat out instead was a kami of poison and filth." / —Sensei Golden-Tail
Bind: "The battlefield is cluttered enough. Be still." / —Multani, maro-sorcerer
Binding Agony: A crash of rhinos in my head / —Femeref expression meaning / "a severe head pain"
Binding Grasp: "What I want, I take." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Binding Grasp: "What I want, I take." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran royal mage
Binding Grasp: "What I want, I take." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Biomantic Mastery: "Look beyond, to the vascular awareness that all life is a map to greater knowledge." / —Momir Vig, Biomancy, vol. I
Biomass Mutation: "A regression to ancient forms? A glimpse of future evolutions? Or a fleeting alteration of the present?" / —Vorel of the Hull Clade
Biorhythm: "I have seen life's purpose, and now it is my own." / —Kamahl, druid acolyte
Bioshift: "It's all right if you change your mind. There's always a chance we can rearrange parts later." / —Zija, Simic mutationist
Biovisionary: He tired of his fellow researchers and their useless prattling, so he decided to make a network of scholars with whom he could carry a conversation.
Bird Maiden: "Four things that never meet do here unite To shed my blood and to ravage my heart, / A radiant brow and tresses that beguile / And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile." / —The Arabian Nights, trans. Haddawy
Bird Maiden: "Four things that never meet do here unite To shed my blood and to ravage my heart, A radiant brow and tresses that beguile And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile." / —The Arabian Nights, trans. Haddawy
Bird Maiden: "Four things that never meet do here unite To shed my blood and to ravage my heart, A radiant brow and tresses that beguile And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile."The Arabian Nights, trans. Haddawy
Bird Maiden: Four things that never meet do here unite / To shed my blood and to ravage my heart, / A radiant brow and tresses that beguile / And rosy cheeks and a glittering smile." / —The Arabian Nights, trans. Haddawy
Birds of Paradise Avatar: Long ago, birds of paradise littered the skies. Thanks to the city's sprawl, most now exist as pets of society's elite.
Birds of Paradise: "The gods used their feathers to paint all the colors of the world." / —Yare-Tiva, warden of Gramur forest
Birds of Paradise: Each feather in its tail is a souvenir of an exotic land, a memory condensed in hue.
Biting Tether: A chain of lies as strong as steel.
Bitter Revelation: "Here you lie then, Ugin. The corpses of worlds will join you in the tomb." / —Sorin Markov
Bitterblossom: In Lorwyn's brief evenings, the sun pauses at the horizon long enough for a certain species of violet to bloom with the fragrance of mischief.
Black Carriage: "The Baron's drivers are also driven." / —Chandler
Black Cat: Its last life is spent tormenting your dreams.
Black Knight: "The chill, to him who breathed it, drew / Down with his blood, till all his heart was cold." / —Alfred, Lord Tennyson, Idyls of the King
Black Knight: Battle doesn't need a purpose; the battle is its own purpose. You don't ask why a plague spreads or a field burns. Don't ask why I fight.
Black Oak of Odunos: Phenax promised the newly dead souls they would be spared from Erebos. In this, he did not lie.
Black Poplar Shaman: It absorbs the pain of other treefolk, which leaves it bitter, yet addicted to the sensation of agony.
Black Sun's Zenith: "Under the suns, Mirrodin kneels and begs us for perfection." / —Geth, Lord of the Vault
Blackcleave Cliffs: Where the Oxidda Chain mingles with the Mephidross, oil-suffused metal crumbles away, leaving walls of blackened bones.
Blackcleave Goblin: "Bitten? Save time, amputate now." / —Lephar, loxodon surgeon
Blackmail: Even the most virtuous person is only one secret away from being owned by the Cabal.
Blackmail: In addition to killing peasants, punishing subordinates, and raising an army of nightmares, Braids somehow found time for her favorite hobby: petty extortion.
Blade Sliver: After breaking free from the Riptide Project, the slivers quickly adapted to life on Otaria—much to the dismay of life on Otaria.
Bladed Bracers: Forged from the rubble of the Helvault.
Bladed Pinions: Lacking trained pterons, the Auriok had to rely on other measures to gain the upper hand in the skies.
Bladed Sentinel: The Mirran partisans created hundreds of patrol sentinels to divert Phyrexian assaults from the Tangle.
Blades of Velis Vel: "The changing kind suffers as we do. We must join as one to quench our tyrants!"
Bladetusk Boar: Deathbellow Canyon is home to minotaurs and many other creatures that share a love for the taste of human flesh.
Bladetusk Boar: Those who dare stand in its path are either brave or mindless. Or in the case of goblins, both.
Blanchwood Armor: "Before armor, there was bark. Before blades, there were thorns." / —Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Blanchwood Armor: "Braid her branches, life fulfilling / Goddess loving, Goddess killing." / —Citanul chant
Blanchwood Armor: "There's never been a dwarven smith who could match the marvels that Gaea herself forges." / —Elvish champion
Blanchwood Armor: "There's never been a dwarven smith who could match the marvels that Gaea herself forges." / —The Elvish Champion
Blanchwood Treefolk: The massive Argivian attack on their rooted kindred was a declaration of war to the treefolk.
Blanket of Night: "Kaervek imprisoned Mangara out of jealousy, but he taints Jamuraa simply out of spite." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Blasphemous Act: "Holy places are no longer sanctuary from death, and death is no longer sanctuary from anything." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Blast of Genius: Ral Zarek's brainstorms bring actual thunder and lightning.
Blaster Mage: "Don't get up. I'll show myself out."
Blastfire Bolt: "Encase yourself in the most elaborate armor, and cower behind the heaviest shield. I would hate for you to feel helpless." / —Korig the Ruiner
Blatant Thievery: "I'll leave subtlety to the rich."
Blaze Commando: A true Boros commando only calls for reinforcements so they can clean up the mess.
Blaze: "Spreading flames illumined cloud and sea: / Cao Cao went down; 'twas Zhou Yu's victory."
Blaze: "This isn't what I meant by ‘facing the heat of battle!'" / —Jefan, Talas ship captain
Blaze: Fire never dies alone.
Blazing Archon: "Through the haze of battle I saw the glint of sun on golden mane, the sheen of glory clad in mail, and I dropped my sword and wept at the idiocy of war." / —Dravin, Gruul deserter
Blazing Blade Askari: "This can't be Jamuraa. We could not have failed her this badly . . . ."
Blazing Salvo: Barbarians equate courage with the ability to endure pain.
Bleak Coven Vampires: As the shadow of the Mephidross spread over the Tangle, the vampires' territory expanded.
Blessed Orator: "He spoke with the tongue of Angels; we fought with the strength of lions." / —Handel, infantry soldier
Blessed Orator: His quiet words fade into the night's chill, yet they burn into his listeners' minds with all the power of a thousand suns.
Blessed Reversal: "A battle's outcome is never certain." / —The Southern Paladin
Blessed Reversal: Even an enemy is a valuable resource.
Blessed Wind: "The fourth wind of ascension is Anointer, deifying the worthy." / —Keld Triumphant
Blessed Wine: "May the bounty of Kjeld enrich your days." / —Halvor Arenson, / Kjeldoran Priest
Blessed Wine: "Out there, there are spirits, but here, there is wine." / —Blessing for the bounty of Kjeld
Blessing of the Nephilim: "Before the first stone was laid or the first elf-child born, the power of the nephilim was gathering. Let that power be spread by my hands."
Blessing: "Virtue can't survive without strength." / —Ardanna of the Angelic Council
Blight Mamba: Its venom drips with Phyrexia's hate.
Blight Sickle: Its scars cut deeper than its blade.
Blightcaster: "Your flesh is unprepared for my gifts."
Blighted Agent: "Urabrask may suspect our surveillance, but he cannot stop it." / —Avaricta, Gitaxian sective
Blightning: In the spirit of inquiry, Tibalt applied a battery of agony spells. They yielded nothing on the vampire's whereabouts, but the screams were reward enough.
Blightning: While the smell of burning flesh is common in Grixis, the odor of smoldering brain matter is a rare treat.
Blightsoil Druid: "See the beauty in death: the clean white bones lying in the fertile soil and the brightly colored moonglove sprouting from the fell earth."
Blightspeaker: One croaked sermon spreads propaganda and plague.
Blind Creeper: It shuns everything except its next meal.
Blind Fury: "Tell me . . . have you ever sung the Song of Blood?" / —Purraj of Urborg
Blind Obedience: "By the time your knees have worn through your robe, you may have begun to learn your place."
Blind Seer: "I think he sees more than he lets on." / —Gerrard
Blind with Anger: "I can post only the most honorable and strong-willed samurai to defend your stronghold. I have seen what can happen to lesser men." / —General Takeno, letter to Lord Konda
Blind-Spot Giant: Among the solitude-loving giantkind, teamwork is unusual. But he appreciates hearing the occasional "Swing down and to your left."
Blinding Angel: "Their eyes will shrivel and blacken before faith's true light."
Blinding Light: "My shield will bear a shining sun so you will always be with me. / Inlaid with gold, it will shine like glowing embers." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Blinding Light: An angel's sword impales only the body; her righteousness penetrates the soul.
Blinding Light: Let the unjust avert their faces and contemplate their peril.
Blinding Mage: "I carry the light of truth. Do not pity those it blinds, for they never had eyes to see."
Blinding Souleater: "We thank the souleaters for inscribing our souls with subservience, to reinforce the sacred order." / —Drones' hymn of gratitude
Blinding Spray: "The stronger our enemies seem, the more vulnerable they are." / —Sultai secret
Blinking Spirit: "Don't look at it! Maybe it'll go away!" / —Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Blinking Spirit: "Don't look at it! Maybe it'll go away!" / —Ib Halfheart, goblin tactician
Blinkmoth Infusion: Power begets power.
Blinkmoth Urn: The vedalken embed such urns in their living artifact creations.
Blinkmoth Well: When dictated by blinkmoth migratory patterns, clouds of tiny lights well up from Mirrodin's core.
Blister Beetle: Warriors of the Rip Clan wear their beetle-acid scars proudly, even modifying clothing and armor to better display the trophy.
Blistercoil Weird: Azorius lawmages would like to outlaw the creation of weirds, but first they'd have to settle their long-standing debate on how to classify them.
Blistergrub: "The sooner you join Phyrexia, the sooner you'll forget your painful rebirth." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Blistering Barrier: I live without food, stand without leg, wound without force, and am harder to fight than to kill. What am I? / —Femeref riddle
Blistering Dieflyn: Any kithkin smith would love to catch a dieflyn for her kiln, relieving her of ever having to gather fuel again.
Blisterstick Shaman: A productive warren requires a good deal of prodding.
Blitz Hellion: Alarans commemorated its appearances with new holidays bearing names like the Great Cataclysm and the Fall of Ilson Gate.
Blizzard Elemental: Students who had seen Rayne argue with Urza were certain she had summoned it to make him seem warmer by comparison.
Blockade Runner: "I need to get back to Mercadia City," said Sisay. "We can get you there," the vizier answered. "Easily."
Blockbuster: Vendors hung cords heavy with roots and laid out boxes of salted meat, unaware of the fiery disaster swiftly approaching.
Blood Artist: "Great art can never be created without great suffering."
Blood Bairn: The travelers were warned to watch out for children on the road.
Blood Celebrant: "Their blood is the nectar that nourishes the Cabal." / —Phage the Untouchable
Blood Clock: In an age of war, time is measured not by sand but by blood.
Blood Crypt: Where the dead serve as diversion, decor, and dessert.
Blood Cultist: "To immortality."
Blood Feud: Succession is a matter of blood, and by blood it is often decided.
Blood Frenzy: "When Torahn bellows, none survive—not even the warrior whose horns he rides." / —Talruum adage
Blood Host: It would be ill-mannered to decline his invitation. It would be ill-advised to accept it.
Blood Knight: His is the fury of the wildfire, the boiling blood of the volcano. He fights you not because you've wronged him, but because you're there.
Blood Moon: Heavy light flooded across the landscape, cloaking everything in deep crimson.
Blood Pet: "You are wrong," Volrath said. "I do not hate the living. They often prove quite useful to me." And then he laughed.
Blood Pet: No thrull has ever been burdened with a long life.
Blood Reckoning: "There is no greater folly than standing against me." / —Nicol Bolas
Blood Rites: "The threat of the kami was made worse by the blood rituals of the ogres, who freed terrifying oni to wander Kamigawa unhindered." / —Observations of the Kami War
Blood Rites: In war, the best leaders are open to all tactics.
Blood Scrivener: Make sure you bleed the fine print.
Blood Seeker: A drop now is all he needs to find you later.
Blood Tithe: The Crimson Throne may be empty, but its coffers are full.
Blood Vassal: "They are bred to suffer and born to die. Much like humans." / —Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Blood of the Martyr: The willow knows what the storm does not: that the power to endure harm outlives the power to inflict it.
Blood-Toll Harpy: When harpies demand a toll to cross through their territory, consider yourself lucky if they permit payment in coin.
Bloodbond March: The Golgari support a vast army because death never ends its soldiers' service.
Bloodcrazed Goblin: "A single drop of blood draws their attention, then they strip your bones clean before you have time to die." / —Jamias, hermit of Telfer Peak
Bloodcrazed Neonate: While elder vampires select their meals with care, the newly sired frenzy at the first whiff.
Bloodcurdling Scream: "I have all the weapons my enemies have—and far deeper rage." / —Tojira, swamp queen
Bloodfire Colossus: It took all its strength to contain the fire within.
Bloodfire Dwarf: For them, the only honorable death is one that leaves a crater.
Bloodfire Expert: Some efreet abandon their homes in the volcanic Fire Rim to embrace the Jeskai Way and discipline their innate flames.
Bloodfire Kavu: Heart of fire, blood of lava, teeth of stone.
Bloodfire Mentor: The adept underwent months of preparation to withstand pain, until he was finally ready to receive the efreet master's teachings.
Bloodflow Connoisseur: "Death not for survival but for vanity and pleasure? This is the decadence I sought to curb." / —Sorin Markov
Bloodfray Giant: The star performer of the Juri Revue, his shows have fans and blood spilling into the street.
Bloodgift Demon: He relishes the devotion of his Skirsdag puppets and their belief that it will earn them immortality.
Bloodhall Ooze: A drop of blood spilled from the first dragon.
Bloodhunter Bat: It returns eager to share the feast of blood and gore with its ghoulish master.
Bloodied Ghost: "Only a knife left for a fortnight in the hollow of a ghastbark tree can inflict a wound so grave." / —Kithkin superstition
Bloodletter: "That's not an A, it's an Æ. Wait, don't—" / —Hœbrus Væm, Ærathi librarian, last words
Bloodline Shaman: Every creature of the forest has a name, and she knows them all.
Bloodmark Mentor: Boggarts divide the world into two categories: things you can eat, and things you have to chase down and pummel before you can eat.
Bloodpyre Elemental: Elementals born of Jund are as cruel and unstable as the plane itself.
Bloodrage Vampire: The most genteel facades hide the most abominable desires.
Bloodrite Invoker: "The brood lineages unfolded across the world, each patterned after one of three progenitors, each a study in mindless consumption." / —The Invokers' Tales
Bloodrock Cyclops: "He's big an' dumb an' ready to fight. A lot like ol' Hornhead here." / —Squee, goblin cabin hand, / scouting report
Bloodrock Cyclops: "There are only fifty words in the cyclops language, and ten of them mean ‘kill.'" / —Ertai
Bloodscale Prowler: It tracks its victims by the scent of their breath, preferring to dine on those who recently ate well.
Bloodscent: To study the predators of the Tangle, two people are required: one to watch from above, and one to run like hell.
Bloodshed Fever: Cinder mages enjoy seeing their victims in the throes of bloodlust—and seeing the regret that inevitably follows.
Bloodshot Cyclops: After their first encounter, the goblins named him Chuck.
Bloodshot Trainee: "Hrrngh! Someday I'm going to hurl this . . . er . . . roll this . . . hrrngh . . . nudge this boulder right down a cliff."
Bloodshot Trainee: "Just think how strong I'll be if my arms don't tear off!"
Bloodsoaked Champion: "Death is merely another foe the Mardu will overcome."
Bloodstained Mire: Where dragons once triumphed, their bones now molder.
Bloodstone Cameo: "The stone whispers to me of dragon's fire and darkness. I wish I'd never pried it from the figurehead of that sunken Keldon longship." / —Isel, master carver
Bloodthorn Taunter: Naya's celebrants stoke the gargantuans into a rage, loosing a tide of muscle with the precision of an arrow.
Bloodthrone Vampire: "The underclass often forget that they are not tenants, or servants, but property."
Bloodthrone Vampire: "What I need is your blood. What I don't need is your permission."
Bloodthrone Vampire: Some humans willingly offered up their blood, hoping it would grant the vampire families the strength to stave off the Eldrazi.
Bloom Tender: Beauty is a seed, waiting to blossom under her capable hands.
Blossoming Wreath: "I place this wreath for you, my kin. Even in death, you give me strength to avenge you." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Blowfly Infestation: When the giant Tollek Worldslayer fell, a corruption erupted from his corpse to carry on his name.
Blue Sun's Zenith: "The Origin Query will wait. We must ensure we survive to return to it." / —Pelyus, vedalken ordinar
Blunt the Assault: "Much can be gained from the appearance of vulnerability." / —Ezuri, renegade leader
Blur Sliver: They move in a synchronized swarm, turning entire squads into heaps of bloody rags and bones in an instant.
Blurred Mongoose: "The mongoose blew out its candle and was asleep in bed before the room went dark." / —Llanowar fable
Blustersquall: Weather is more predictable than the Izzet.
Boa Constrictor: Its eyes are bigger than its stomach, but its mouth is larger still.
Boar Umbra: "From in here, everything looks like dinner."
Boartusk Liege: The boar leads its rider to victory in battle, but it doesn't know how close it is to becoming the victory feast.
Body Double: "I am who I pretend to be."
Body Double: Where the dead outnumbered the living, mimics scavenged faces from the fallen.
Bog Elemental: "When the bog walks, the wise run." / —Erissa, bog witch
Bog Gnarr: Not all of Dominaria's defenders were nourished by the light.
Bog Imp: Don't be fooled by their looks. Think of them as little knives with wings.
Bog Imp: On guard for larger dangers, we underestimated the power and speed of the Imp's muck-crusted claws.
Bog Imp: On guard for larger dangers, we underestimated the power and speed of the imp's muck-crusted claws.
Bog Imp: Think of it as a butcher knife with wings.
Bog Initiate: "Urborg's magic is strong. Did Urza send you to protect us or to protect against us?" / —Urborg witch, to Barrin
Bog Raiders: "Let weak feed on weak, that we may divine the nature of strength." / —Phyrexian Scriptures
Bog Raiders: Those who live amid decay must expect scavengers.
Bog Raiders: Zombies are the perfect marshland fighters—they don't need to breathe and they don't care what they step in.
Bog Rats: Their stench was vile and strong enough, but not nearly as powerful as their hunger.
Bog Serpent: "We thought it was a fallen tree trunk. Then it ate Snod." / —Sneed, goblin barkwright
Bog Smugglers: They slide over the bog like oil across glass.
Bog Tatters: A wraith is a tale of brutal slaying told anew whenever it finds a victim.
Bog Witch: The world is the body. The mana is the blood. The witch is the surgeon.
Bog Wraith: 'Twas in the bogs of Cannelbrae / My mate did meet an early grave / 'Twas nothing left for us to save / In the peat-filled bogs of Cannelbrae.
Bog Wraith: 'Twas in the bogs of Cannelbrae / My mate did meet an early grave; / 'Twas nothing left for us to save / In the peat-filled bogs of Cannelbrae.
Bog Wraith: It moved through the troops leaving no footprints, save on their souls.
Bog Wraith: Knowing Takenuma Swamp to be dangerous, Hisata set wards to warn him of predators. He never imagined that his murderer would pass through them unhindered.
Bog Wraith: She died in this swamp, and so will you.
Bog Wraith: The bodies of its victims are the only tracks it leaves.
Bog-Strider Ash: "If you want to test wisdom, offer it to fools and watch how they tear it up."
Bogardan Firefiend: "The next one who tells me to relax and curl up by a fire is dead." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Bogardan Hellkite: Cleansing the world, one breath at a time.
Bogardan Rager: In the erupting heart of Bogardan, it's hard to tell hurtling volcanic rocks from pouncing volcanic beasts.
Bogbrew Witch: "The hardest thing is finding the right ingredients."
Boggart Arsonists: The Aurora transformed Nibb and Gyik from mischief-makers into feral marauders. They still don't know much about tool safety.
Boggart Birth Rite: Auntie excitedly held up the squalling newborn. "This one looks like Byoog! Maybe he'll tell us what he saw and felt in the beyond."
Boggart Forager: "Reach in this hole, lose a hand. Reach in that hole, find a sparkly." / —Auntie wisdom
Boggart Loggers: Auntie Flint lent axes to Nibb and Gyik, thinking they'd share their experiences with her. She's still waiting for them to come back.
Boggart Ram-Gang: "We're going to need a bigger gate." / —Bowen, Barrenton guardcaptain
Boggart Ram-Gang: "We’re going to need a bigger gate." —Bowen, Barrenton guardcaptain
Boggart Shenanigans: Boggarts revel in discovering new sensations, from the texture of an otter pellet to the squeak of a dying warren mate.
Boggart Sprite-Chaser: "Auntie pointed out to the faerie how much mischief a flying boggart could wreak, and a beautiful new friendship was born." / —A tale of Auntie Grub
Boil: "It is a slaughter, the death of a sea. Never speak of it again." / —The Lord of Atlantis
Boil: "The fishers will throw out their nets and draw them back filled with dust." / —Oracle en-Vec
Boil: "When every reef is bared and every wave is dust—only then shall I rest."
Boiling Blood: Your father has no horns! / Your mother wears a bell / You drink the milk of goats! / —Talruum taunts
Boiling Seas: What burns the land, boils the seas.
Bojuka Brigand: "I don't do tactics. I don't do guard duty. I do damage. Take it or leave it."
Bola Warrior: The ingredients for panic include equal parts danger, uncertainty, and helplessness.
Boldwyr Heavyweights: Even if giants bring nothing else on a journey, they bring attention.
Boldwyr Intimidator: "Now everyone knows what you are."
Bolt of Keranos: The breakthroughs granted by Keranos, god of epiphany, can be surprisingly literal.
Bomber Corps: "Subtlety is for lawmages and spies."
Bond Beetle: A beetle on your shoulder / —Elvish expression meaning / "a blessing of luck"
Bond of Agony: The Rakdos are unique in designing torture equipment they can operate while "suffering" alongside their victims.
Bonded Fetch: A well-made homunculus grooms the mind of its master, pruning the thoughts that lead to madness. Few loredelvers survive the study of the infinite without one.
Bonds of Faith: "What cannot be destroyed will be bound." / —Oath of Avacyn
Bonds of Quicksilver: The sea's reach extends beyond its shores.
Bone Flute: After the Battle of Pitdown, Lady Ursnell fashioned the first such instrument out of Lord Ursnell's left leg.
Bone Harvest: "Only fools believe they will face my armies but once." / —Kaervek
Bone Mask: "The protection offered comes at a price. How numerous are your kin?" / —Purraj of Urborg
Bone Saw: In a world where death is always violent, cruel weapons are as common as rocks.
Bone Shaman: Rattle me bones as I cross the floor / And the bones in your grave will rattle no more.
Bone Splinters: "Which do you deserve, the heft of a femur or the graceful sharpness of a forearm? Decisions, decisions . . ." / —Gisa the Mad
Bone Splinters: Witches of the Split-Eye Coven speak of a future when Grixis will overflow with life energy. For now, they must harvest vis from the living to fuel their dark magics.
Bone to Ash: "I can think of worse ways to go. On second thought, maybe not." / —Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Bonebreaker Giant: One thing's for sure—his fists are harder than your skull.
Boneknitter: Nothing comes together as easily as it comes apart.
Bonescythe Sliver: "Their appendages are sharper than our swords and quicker than our bows." / —Hastric, Thunian scout
Bonesplitter Sliver: As the time streams grew more and more unstable, Dominaria's creatures struggled to adapt. The intense pressures led to many dead ends but also to lethal new forms that appeared as suddenly as the ashen rains.
Bonesplitter: "It puts an end to what ails you." / —Jeorg, Valla battlemaster
Bonethorn Valesk: Barbarians weave its spurs into ceremonial charms to proclaim their hardiness in battle.
Boneyard Wurm: The only thing it likes more than discovering a pit of bones is adding to it.
Book Burning: The wizard's spellbook was full of burning questions.
Boomerang: "O! call back yesterday, bid time return." / —William Shakespeare, King Richard the Second
Boomerang: "O! call back yesterday, bid time return." —William Shakespeare, King Richard the Second
Boomerang: "Returne from whence ye came. . . ." / —Edmund Spenser, / The Faerie Queene
Boomerang: "Returne from whence ye came. . . ." / —Edmund Spenser, The Faerie Queene
Boomerang: "Returne from whence ye came..." / —Edmund Spenser, The Faerie Queene
Boomerang: A lie always returns; be careful how you catch it.
Boomerang: Early Jamuraan hunters devised a weapon that would return to its source. Tolarian Æthermancers developed a spell that skipped the weapon entirely.
Boon Reflection: Kithkin healers chant the clan songs of both their parents over the broth to double its curative effect.
Boon of Erebos: "Death is not a certainty. Erebos determines when a mortal's time is up." / —Iadorna, death priest of Erebos
Booster Tutor: Make your judgment wisely: The right pack will let you defeat your nemesis, but a poor choice can only end in torment. And Homelands.
Booster Tutor: Real men use Arabian Nights boosters.
Borborygmos: "It's easy to see why those Gruul dirtbags follow him—the only orders he gives are ‘Crush them!' and ‘We eat!'" / —Teysa
Border Guard: "Join the army, see foreign countries!" they'd said.
Border Patrol: "We have been victims of treachery, of the Cabal, and of our own ambitions. No more." / —Commander Eesha
Borderland Behemoth: Giants share nothing but their fury.
Borderland Marauder: Though she is rightly feared, there are relatively few tales of her deeds in battle, for few survive her raids.
Borderland Minotaur: "You have led us to triumph over the forces of Mogis!" said Brygus the Brave, clapping the Champion on the back. / The Champion wiped the sweat and blood from her brow. / "I count eight graves," she said. "Too many to call this a victory." / —The Theriad
Borderland Ranger: "Only fools and bandits use roads."
Borderland Ranger: "There's only one route from Kessig into Stensia. Unless you come with me."
Boreal Centaur: Those who used reindeer as beasts of burden knew to avoid the centaurs, who raged at the enslavement of their spirit-kin.
Boreal Druid: Some creatures are bound to the cold by Rimewind magic. Others seek it out, adapted by two thousand years of the Ice. The Boreal, where Heidar's frigid sway is strongest, is home to both.
Boreal Griffin: "More than snow falls from the Boreal skies." / —Arkin Egilsson, skycaptain
Boreal Shelf: "Who will stay the Tyrant's hand, / As ice and woe both grip our land? / The helpless feel his frozen brand." / —The Dynasty of Winter Kings
Boros Battleshaper: Leaders shape the minds of their allies. It takes a master to shape the minds of enemies.
Boros Charm: "Practice compassion and mercy. But know when they must end." / —Aurelia
Boros Cluestone: "In case of fire, treachery, citywide riot, political upheaval, or worldwide societal collapse, break glass." / —Cluestone inscription
Boros Elite: "First, you must fight among the rank and file. It is there I will discern your skills as a leader." / —Aurelia, to Gideon Jura
Boros Guildgate: Enter with merciful hearts. Exit with battle cries.
Boros Guildgate: It promises protection to those in need and proclaims a warning to any who would threaten Ravnican law.
Boros Reckoner: "Imagine a thunderstorm that's also a tactical genius. That's him." / —Dars Gostok, Firefist captain
Boros Recruit: "Look at this goblin, once wild, untamed, and full of idiocy. The Boros have given him the skill of a soldier and focused his heart with a single cause." / —Razia
Boros Signet: "Have you ever held a Boros signet? There's a weight to it that belies its size—a weight of strength and of pride." / —Agrus Kos
Boros Swiftblade: When the Boros Legion attacks, swiftblades enter the fray first. They pick off the archers and mages, softening the enemy front before the flame-kin and giants go in.
Borrowing 100,000 Arrows: Kongming and Lu Su tricked Wei troops into shooting over 100,000 arrows at them to later use against the Wei at Red Cliffs.
Bosh, Iron Golem Avatar: MRD Participation Avatar
Bosh, Iron Golem: As Glissa searches for the truth about Memnarch, Bosh searches to unearth the secrets buried deep in his memory.
Bosh, Iron Golem: As Glissa searches for the truth about Memnarch, Bosh searches to unearth the secrets of his past.
Bosk Banneret: Deep in a murmuring bosk, where the trees' memories span centuries, the simple banner of green and copper signifies an elder whose rings number more than a faerie's days.
Bosom Buddy: "Step 1: I believe in a power and toughness greater than myself . . . ."
Bottle Gnomes: "I am reminded of the fable of the silver egg. Its owner cracks it open to see what jewels it holds, only to discover a simple yellow yolk." / —Karn, silver golem
Bottle Gnomes: Reinforcements . . . or refreshments?
Bottomless Pit: "I'm sure it came with the place. I don't think you build one on purpose." / —Gerrard
Boulderfall: "Defeating the Meletians was not so difficult. I needed only to move a mountain." / —Eocles, oracle of Purphoros
Bouncing Beebles: Beebles are frequently hurled against stone surfaces at high speed but always zing back into the air with a giggle.
Bound in Silence: A fight put off forever is already won.
Boundless Realms: "Planeswalking cannot be taught. Either you see the doors or you do not." / —Nissa Revane
Bounteous Kirin: Even the most benevolent and life-giving of kami joined the war against the mortal world, but only with heavy and sorrowful hearts.
Bountiful Harvest: "When we fail to see the beauty in every tree, we are no better than humans." / —Saelia, elvish scout
Bountiful Harvest: Following the sun's cycle, harvest season comes once a year—unless the druids bid the sun behave otherwise.
Bounty Hunter: "Once they've marked you," Starke said, "the world is made of glass."
Bower Passage: In the darkest hours, some denied Avacyn. Now the Kessig wilds are their only haven.
Brace for Impact: Flesh can be tempered by spellcraft and forged ever stronger by the hammers of foes.
Brago's Representative: On Fiora, no matter is settled until King Brago offers an opinion.
Brago, King Eternal: "My rule persists beyond death itself."
Braid of Fire: "To a trained mind, the cold is but a momentary distraction."
Braids, Cabal Minion: "Home is where you can find a decent graveyard and strangers can disappear without awkward questions."
Braids, Conjurer Adept Avatar: PLC Participation Avatar
Braids, Conjurer Adept: The rifted multiverse became a sea of conflicting realities, each peopled by possible versions of every living being.
Braidwood Cup: "I think it no accident that every civilized people has discovered the art of distillation." / —Rofellos of Llanowar
Brain Gorgers: In spite of their hunger, they're slow eaters.
Brain Pry: To the Rakdos, the fun is in the shakedown. The loot is usually discarded.
Brainbite: An Esper mage will leave a hole in your memory with surgical precision. A Grixis mage sees no reason to be so kind.
Brainstorm: "I reeled from the blow, and then suddenly, I knew exactly what to do. Within moments victory was mine." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter / Kjeldoran royal mage
Brainstorm: "I reeled from the blow, and then suddenly, I knew exactly what to do. Within moments, victory was mine." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter / Kjeldoran royal mage
Brainstorm: "I reeled from the blow, and then suddenly, I knew exactly what to do. Within moments, victory was mine." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Brainstorm: "I reeled from the blow, and then suddenly, I knew exactly what to do. Within moments, victory was mine." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Brainstorm: "I see more than other because I know where to look" / —Saprazzan vizier
Brainstorm: "I see more than others do because I know where to look." / —Saprazzan vizier
Brainstorm: The mizzium-sphere array drove her mind deep into the thought field, where only the rarest motes of genius may be plucked.
Brainwash: "They're not your friends; they despise you. I'm the only one you can count on. Trust me."
Bramble Creeper: "I've seen the fully grown ones tear a baloth to gory ribbons in seconds." / —Kivi, thornberry harvester
Bramble Elemental: In abandoned corners of Ravnica, nature has begun to reclaim what it once owned.
Bramble Elemental: Ravnica is a seamless urban tapestry, each city bleeding into the next. In abandoned corners, however, nature has begun to reclaim what it once owned.
Bramblecrush: "Civilization is fertilizer." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Bramblecrush: Nature abhors a lot of things.
Bramblesnap: A bramblesnap is formed by grafting together thirteen different plants that already hunger for meat.
Bramblewood Paragon: Those who seek to escape her blades succeed only in dying on their stomachs.
Branching Bolt: "Lightning lives in everything, in living flesh and growing things. It must be set free." / —Rakka Mar
Branchsnap Lorian: Lorians treat trees and prey the same way: by ripping them limb from limb.
Brand of Ill Omen: "Let those who bear the brand receive no shelter, no kindness, and no comfort from our people." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Brand: "By this glyph I affirm your role." / —Urza, to Karn
Branded Brawlers: "The sword or the lash. Choose." / —Akul, Keldon whip sergeant
Brass Gnat: Its buzzing is the sound of its inner mechanisms, ever winding down.
Brass Secretary: The students disliked the secretary for its unfailing memory—until they discovered it couldn't dodge thrown objects.
Brass Squire: "I admire it. Few pull off pluck and subservience at the same time." / —Ezuri, renegade leader
Brassclaw Orcs: "A whole skin is worth a thousand victories." / —Orcish Veteran of the Battle of Montford
Brassclaw Orcs: "A whole skin is worth a thousand victories." / —Orcish veteran of the Battle of Montford
Brassclaw Orcs: "Brassclaws were typical Orcs—quick to laud their own prowess in battle, quick to jeer at their opponents, and quicker still to run away when things started to look slightly dangerous." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Brassclaw Orcs: "Modern Sarpadia's swarming with thrulls. It's a testament to the orcs that they've survived there so long." / —Elbieta, Argivian scholar
Brassclaw Orcs: "The Brassclaws delighted in lightning raids on Icatian and Dwarven towns; an unprepared enemy is easier to defeat." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Brassclaw Orcs: "The large brass claws worn by some Sarpadian Orc tribes were among the least feared weapons ever known." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Bravado: "We drive the dragons from our home. Why should we fear you?" / —Fire Eye, viashino bey
Brave the Elements: "Trust me, your lost fingers and toes are nothing compared to the lost treasures of Sejiri." / —Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Brave the Sands: Enduring the most desolate and dangerous conditions, Abzan sentries unfailingly guard the stronghold gates.
Brawl: Anything can happen when patience is scarce and wine is abundant.
Brawn: "‘I have arrived,' bellowed Brawn, and the plane shuddered." / —Scroll of Beginnings
Breaching Hippocamp: Don't try to ride this steed unless you've got gills too.
Breaching Leviathan: These waters remain uncharted, but not for lack of trying.
Break Asunder: "No good will come of this."
Break Open: There are two ways to resolve puzzling situations: thoughtful contemplation or force. After thoughtful contemplation, most barbarians choose force.
Breaking Point: "Enough!"
Breaking Point: "Enough"
Breakthrough: The ideas came flooding in so fast that they couldn't all be contained.
Breath of Dreams: "Get up, blast you! They're attacking! Why are you all so slow?" / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Breath of Life: "Nothing can stop the power of life—not even death." / —Onean cleric
Breath of Malfegor: The blood of the demons quickened as their master rose over the battlefield. The blood of the angels also quickened: here was the chance to finally end the war started millennia ago.
Breath of Malfegor: The draconic demon loomed over Dack, and he suddenly sensed he wasn't the only Planeswalker that Malfegor had encountered.
Breathstealer's Crypt: "Far too many soldiers have died in their beds." / —Telim'Tor
Breathstealer: "As a child, I slept with a cloth over my face, to hide from the spirits that might pull the air from my lungs." / —Mosi, Femeref weaver
Bred for the Hunt: Some see the world as a place of infinite wonder and knowledge. Some see it as an infinite dinner plate.
Breeding Pit: The Thrulls bred at a terrifying pace. In the end, they overwhelmed the Order of the Ebon Hand.
Breeding Pit: The thrulls bred at a terrifying pace. In the end, they overwhelmed the Order of the Ebon Hand.
Breeding Pool: Uncharted depths. Unbounded hopes. Unfathomable mysteries.
Breezekeeper: "He blows a gust across the cliff to vanish in a breath of wind." / —"Song of the Wind Being"
Briar Patch: As easily as the dryads could close a fist, so could the branches and underbrush entangle.
Briar Shield: In all its forms, the forest is the elves' best protector.
Briarberry Cohort: A clique can cause far more mischief than one faerie on its own.
Briarknit Kami: One thorn to warn, ten thorns to defend, a hundred thorns to destroy.
Briarpack Alpha: "One of my greatest teachers." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Briarpack Alpha: "The wolves turned on us and a chill swept over me. The pack had a new leader." / —Alena, trapper of Kessig
Briber's Purse: Victory is certain. The price, negotiable.
Bribery: In Mercadia City, loyalties extend only as far as your purse can stretch.
Brightflame: "Let the pyres of the unbelievers light our way." / —Razia
Brighthearth Banneret: The banner symbolizes the goodwill of the Brighthearth. Their emissaries bring the mastery of fire to other races.
Brightstone Ritual: Wizards fought over the stone to exploit its power. Goblins fight over it because it's shiny.
Brigid, Hero of Kinsbaile: Thanks to one champion archer, the true borders of Kinsbaile extend an arrow's flight beyond the buildings.
Brilliant Plan: At Red Cliffs, Kongming and Zhou Yu each wrote his plan for defeating Wei on the palm of his hand. They laughed as they both revealed the same word, "Fire."
Brilliant Plan: At Red Cliffs, Kongming and Zhou Yu each wrote his plan for defeating the Wei on the palm of his hand. They laughed as they both revealed the same word, "Fire."
Brilliant Ultimatum: Revealing the truth only deepened Tezzeret's curiosity for the secrets still buried.
Brindle Boar: "Tell the cooks to prepare the fires. Tonight we feast!" / —Tolar Wolfbrother, Krosan tracker
Brindle Boar: The war lasted for generations. The boars didn't need to hunt for food anymore. They fed on the fallen corpses, and the living fed off of them.
Brindle Shoat: Hunters lure the stripling boar into the open, hoping to trap greater prey.
Brine Elemental: Water calls to water, and the world is left exhausted and withered in its wake.
Brine Shaman: "The Shamans of Marit Lage do her bidding in secret, but they do it gladly." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Brine Shaman: "The shamans of Marit Lage do her bidding in secret, but they do it gladly." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Bring Low: "People are often humbled by the elements. But the elements, too, can be humbled." / —Surrak, khan of the Temur
Brink of Disaster: "When you find yourself teetering on the edge of oblivion, mine will be the hands taking pleasure in giving you the final push." / —Liliana Vess
Brink of Disaster: "You always have a choice. That doesn't mean you always have a good choice." / —Alubri, Guul Draz gatekeeper
Brink of Madness: "The fools thought me dead. But I built an empire inside my tomb." / —Kerrick, sleeper agent
Brittle Effigy: "In my early experiments in phylactery, I found that fragile forms have their uses." / —Rocati, Duke of Martyne
Broken Dam: Using nature to their advantage, wise Three Kingdoms generals often let dammed rivers loose to destroy their enemies.
Broken Fall: "I think I used up all my good luck and all my bad luck in the same fall." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Brontotherium: Lucky victims get run over. Unlucky victims get run through.
Bronze Bombshell: "Ooh, shiny! Let's pull off the chain and take her with us." / —Ukl, Gruul raider, last words
Bronze Calendar: Every page holds a month, every date a numeral.
Bronze Sable: The Champion stood alone between the horde of the Returned and the shrine to Karametra, cutting down scores among hundreds. She would have been overcome if not for the aid of the temple guardians whom Karametra awakened. / —The Theriad
Bronzebeak Moa: They fight for their home with more loyalty than any conscript.
Brood Keeper: "Come, little one. Unfurl your wings, fill your lungs, and release your first fiery breath."
Brood Sliver: Within weeks, more slivers nested in Otaria than ever existed on Rath.
Brood of Cockroaches: "It's like waking on a bed of a thousand olives during an earthquake of subtle force." / —Afari, Tales
Brooding Saurian: "I have been trapped in the lizard's lair for days. It seems to regard me as its child and will not let me leave." / —Aevar Borg, northern guide, journal entry
Broodmate Dragon: Frozen in fear, the goblins stared upward at the circling hunter—and were promptly eaten by its diving mate.
Broodwarden: "The least of gods shall tower over the mightiest of mortals, and death shall reign over all." / —Crypt of Agadeem inscription
Brothers of Fire: Fire is never a gentle master.
Browbeat: "Even the threat of power has power." / —Jeska, warrior adept
Browbeat: "Pained defiance or shameful surrender—every reaction is a pleasant surprise." / —Tibalt
Brown Ouphe: "Ouphes love trinkets and love to take them apart. I only wish they wouldn't do so with the magical ones." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Brown Ouphe: In a strange twist of fate, one of the most annoying creatures in the multiverse was brought to the place where it could cause the most damage.
Browse: "Once great literature—now great litter." / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Browse: "Once great literature—now great litter." / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Brushstrider: Magistrate Ludy agreed to designate land for the brushstriders only after several broken windows and dozens of missing blini-cakes.
Brushstroke Paintermage: He gives credit where credit isn't due.
Brushwagg: "Defiantly, the young cyclops popped the brushwagg into his mouth. His cheeks suddenly puffed, his eye bulged, and he was forced to agree with his elder." / —Afari, Tales
Brutal Suppression: "They no longer care about their own suffering. Show them something worse." / —Latulla, Keldon overseer
Brute Force: Blood, bone, and sinew are magnified, as is the rage that drives them. The brain, however, remains unchanged—a little bean, swinging by a strand in a cavernous, raving head.
Bubble Matrix: "This device was commisioned by a king who desired peace. Unfortunately, the royal artificer was also the king's jester." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Bubbling Beebles: "Chancellor Rayne canceled the annual beeble roast. I should have married a crueler woman." / —Barrin
Bubbling Muck: The muck claims a hundred living things for each meager treasure it spews forth.
Builder's Bane: There is only so much a person may be buried with.
Builder's Blessing: "Mix the mortar with holy wards, or blood will run in the streets." / —Vadvar, Thraben stonewright
Bull Aurochs: The aurochs herd is content to graze—until the bull provides the dissenting urge to charge.
Bull Cerodon: It holds motionless vigil, watching Naya in silence through the screen of the whitecover. When it senses anything amiss, it launches forward with the uncanny sound of torn fog.
Bull Elephant: Four gray trees and a long, coiling snake. What am I? / —Zhalfirin riddle
Bull Elephant: Four gray trees and a long, coiling snake. What am I? —Zhalfirin riddle
Bull Hippo: "How could you not hear it approach? It's a hippo!" / —Argivian commander
Bull Hippo: Stay alert: his lumbering may shake the ground itself, but in water, he glides.
Bull Hippo: The merfolk may rule the waters, but hippos have never had much respect for authority.
Bull Rush: "It's gone mad! Loose the chains and save what you can!"
Bullwhip: "Pain is a crude way to enforce obedience, but it is cheap and plentiful." / —Volrath
Bulwark: "It will be the goblin's first bath, and its last." —Fire Eye, viashino bey
Bump in the Night: It's not just the wind. It's not all in your head. And it's definitely something to worry about.
Buoyancy: Saprazzan merfolk become legged on land, but some find it quicker to bring the water with them.
Burden of Greed: "The one who dies with the most toys is still dead." / —Geth, keeper of the Vault
Burden of Guilt: "Grab an axe and defend the gate! Your despair is an extravagance we can ill afford." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Burgeoning: "The plants said, ‘We will fight the stone with root and stem and seed. We are patient. We will win.'" / —Skyshroud myth of the forest
Buried Alive: "Is it worse to walk while dead, or to be buried alive? I have witnessed both." / —Crovax
Buried Alive: The scrape of shovels and the tumble of cold dirt soon muffled their pleas.
Buried Ruin: History has buried its treasures deep.
Burn Away: "Your corruption will burn, serpent, until there is nothing left to defile." / —Asmala, bloodfire mystic
Burn the Impure: Flame doesn't kneel to Phyrexia.
Burning Anger: "With rage as your forge, your hammer can smite anything."
Burning Earth: "Your world is formed from the same power that wraps my burning hand around your throat." / —Shrazik, lavamancer
Burning Fields: "In raiding and plundering, be like fire, in immovability like a mountain." / —Sun Tzu, Art of War (trans. Giles)
Burning Inquiry: Jariad burned the midnight oil, burned through scroll after scroll, and then burned down his laboratory.
Burning Oil: Every now and then, a devil's prank can give you a good idea.
Burning Palm Efreet: Even the lion envies the lark.
Burning Sands: "Pain teaches lessons no scholar can." / —Kamahl, pit fighter
Burning Shield Askari: "Any day that I ride my horse up to my ankles in the remains of my enemies is a good day." / —Akin, seasoned askari
Burning Vengeance: Mist is the geists' sorrow. Wind is their pain. Fire is their vengeance.
Burning Wish: She wished for a weapon, but not for the skill to wield it.
Burning-Tree Emissary: Those who regard the Gruul as savage simpletons underestimate the subtle power of their shamans.
Burning-Tree Shaman: Gruul shamans are bent on punishing the civilized. Any act more complex than rubbing sticks together or eating with utensils is met with the stinging burn of their magic.
Burnished Hart: Forged by divine hands to wander mortal realms.
Burnout: "GOTCHA!" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Burnout: "GOTCHA!" / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Burnt Offering: "My foes serve me twice: in dying, and in death." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Burrenton Bombardier: The flasks provide ballast, a means of steering, and—with a little luck—a way to deliver ward-spells to cohorts below.
Burrenton Forge-Tender: "We are a clachan of smiths. The forge is as comfortable to us as a small fire during a cool winter's evening."
Burrenton Shield-Bearers: Soul and bones, kithkin are woven into their clans. They fight fiercely and without self-interest.
Burst of Energy: "I stand ready to die for our world. Who will stand with me?" / —Radiant, archangel
Burst of Speed: Great generals inspire by example. Goblin chieftains inspire by electrifying the barracks.
Burst of Strength: "Our fight is not about territory or revenge. It is about freedom, plain and simple." / —Ruric Thar, Ghor-Clan chieftain
Bursting Beebles: Like thousands of others, the beebles quit Magic for several years following the release of the Mercadian Masques set.
Butcher Ghoul: Without a mind, it doesn't fear death. Without a soul, it doesn't mind killing.
Butcher Orgg: It can kill you with three arms tied behind its back.
Butcher of Malakir: His verdict is always guilty. His sentence is always death.
Butcher's Cleaver: Outside the safety of Thraben, there is little distinction between tool and weapon.
Cabal Archon: "You are weak. I am strong. The protocol is obvious."
Cabal Coffers: Deep within the Cabal's vault, the Mirari pulsed like a dead sun-and its darkness radiated across Otaria.
Cabal Coffers: Deep within the Cabal's vault, the Mirari pulsed like a dead sun—and its darkness radiated across Otaria.
Cabal Conditioning: "Hear only the Cabal's voice. / See only the Cabal's way. / Speak only the Cabal's word." / —Cabal mantra
Cabal Ritual: "Each syllable chills your veins. Each word rattles your mind." / —Cabal Patriarch
Cabal Slaver: "In its natural habitat, the goblin is stupid, yet devious. Now it's stupid, devious, and powerful."
Cabal Surgeon: "Clerics give up when their patients die. Can I help it if I'm more compassionate?"
Cabal Trainee: "Ah, a faceshredder. Very rare. Nearly unstoppable. Good luck" / —Cabal instructor
Cache Raiders: What the current doesn't take, they do.
Cackling Fiend: Its windpipe is only the first to amplify its maddening laughter.
Cackling Flames: "I like a little entertainment with my dinner." / —Rakdos
Cackling Imp: Its laughter drives needles through your mind.
Cackling Witch: The touch of his madness can drive anyone into a killing frenzy.
Cadaver Imp: The mouth must be pried open before rigor mortis sets in. Otherwise the returning soul can find no ingress.
Cadaverous Bloom: "It's filthy work, planting them." / —Kifimbo, Shadow Guildmage
Cadaverous Knight: Grieve for the soul in death dishonored. / —Shadow Guild saying
Cage of Hands: "Our own actions built the prisons that now hold us. Our hands reached too far and tried to hold too much." / —Dosan the Falling Leaf
Cagemail: "Power often costs too high a price." / —Commander Eesha
Caldera Kavu: As powerful and malleable as the molten rock it calls home.
Call of the Conclave: Centaurs are sent to evangelize in Gruul territories where words of war speak louder than prayers of peace.
Call of the Wild: From a whisper to a roar, the call is heard by all and refused by none.
Call of the Wild: Thinking of dinner made Squee realize that the forest was probably thinking the same thing.
Call the Skybreaker: It hears and answers every orison across Shadowmoor.
Call to Glory: "General Takeno glared at us as if we were the enemy. ‘The day is not over yet,' he shouted, ‘and unless you have a nezumi's heart, you will stand and fight'" / —Battle of Akagi River: A Survivor's Tale
Call to Heel: On Bant, a sigil is both a prize of honor and a bond of duty. The one who bears it may be called to fulfill that charge at any moment.
Call to Mind: "It's hard to say which is more satisfying: the search for that missing piece or fitting that piece into place." / —Evo Ragus
Call to Serve: Grace is a gift, never a reward.
Call to the Netherworld: The ritual was normally performed only by horrors and pit spawn. Lesser mages had but one sanity to crack in the casting.
Caller of Gales: "Some merfolk choose to rest their fins in the water. I believe wisdom exists not only where we were born but where we were told not to go."
Callous Giant: "The invasion has awoken slumbering mountains," noted Urza. "Good. We can use all the help we can get."
Calming Verse: The chattering forest fell silent as the otherworldly song began.
Caltrops: The Eastern Paladin knew how highly his southern rival valued horses, so he gleefully prepared a suitable welcome.
Caltrops: Toward the end, Gatha struggled to keep his experiments in and his patrons out.
Camel: Everyone knew Walid was a pious man, for he had been blessed with many sons, many jewels, and a great many Camels.
Cancel: "Even the greatest inferno begins as a spark. And anyone can snuff out a spark." / —Chanyi, mistfire sage
Cancel: "It is forbidden. Asking why is irrelevant." / —Sergiu, Opal Lake magistrate
Cancel: "What you are attempting is not against the law. It is, however, extremely foolish."
Cancel: Fendros gasped as he watched the spell drip from the ends of his fingers. He moved his foot, afraid to disturb the spot where it lay slain.
Cancel: Zendikar's volatile mana is the basis for many spectacular spells—and some equally astonishing failures.
Candelabra of Tawnos: Tawnos learned quickly from Urza that utter simplicity often led to wondrous, yet subtle utility.
Candles of Leng: "A tome stored in its light is as crisp as the day it was written." / —Ettovard, Tolarian archivist
Canker Abomination: Once the hideous disease takes hold, it spreads through both bark and mind.
Cankerous Thirst: Nothing warms the bark on a chilly day like a draught of elf.
Cannibalize: "Mine."
Canopy Dragon: "In the Mwonvuli you must divide your attention between what hangs overhead and what lies underfoot." / —Sidar Jabari
Canopy Spider: "We know our place in the cycle of life—and it is not as flies." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Canopy Spider: It keeps the upper reaches of the forest free of every menace . . . except for the spider itself.
Canyon Drake: "These runes are tough enough without the distraction," Ertai muttered, one eye on the drake.
Canyon Lurkers: The broken Qal Sisma foothills make poor terrain for cavalry, but a perfect setting for ambushes.
Canyon Minotaur: "We'll scale these cliffs, traverse Brittle Bridge, and then fight our way down the volcanic slopes on the other side." / "Isn't the shortest route through the canyon?" / "Yes." / "So shouldn't we—" / "No."
Canyon Minotaur: On Jund, the deep canyons were the best places to hide. When the goblins wandered into Naya, they found that was not so true.
Canyon Wildcat: "Relative of yours?" Ertai teased. Mirri simply sneered.
Canyon Wildcat: In the warrior kingdom of Keld, the cats used in the hunt are prized for their tracking sense and ability to climb walls.
Cao Ren, Wei Commander: Cao Cao's cousin, Cao Ren was known throughout the three kingdoms as the fiercest of warriors.
Capashen Knight: Few warriors dare to challenge a knight of Capashen. Should one do so, there is one fewer.
Capashen Knight: He protects Benalia as much with his reputation as with his force of arms.
Capashen Standard: Benalia has no need for peacocks to serve as symbols of vanity. The Capashens strut more proudly than any bird.
Capashen Templar: Their shields are Benalia's outermost battlements.
Capashen Unicorn: Capashen riders were stern and humorless even before their ancestral home was reduced to rubble.
Capricious Efreet: "You wish for great destruction? It is done, my master."
Captain Sisay: Her leadership forged the Weatherlight's finest crew.
Captain of the Mists: "I am no mere ship's captain. The north wind is my accomplice. The tide is my first mate."
Captain's Call: "Who among you has the courage to face certain death? Who will heed my call?" / —Rayel Vanger, Firstblade of Thune
Captain's Maneuver: Sisay discovered that the mirrored hull of the Weatherlight could be used as a defensive weapon.
Captive Flame: "Kills and cooks your food in one easy stroke."
Capture of Jingzhou: The province of Jingzhou was the fulcrum of the three kingdoms. At separate times it was coveted and controlled by the Wu, the Shu, and the Wei.
Carapace Forger: "Bows and whips cannot save us from these new horrors of the Mephidross."
Carapace: "Now that's a fashion statement." / —Devin, faerie noble
Carapace: "Now, that's a fashion statement." / —Devin, Faerie Noble
Carapace: "The tougher to crack, the sweeter the snack." / —Kakra, Sea Troll
Caravan Hurda: "Not too bright, but good enough for the job required—carrying and walking in a straight line." / —Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Cardboard Carapace: . . .  that exciting  . . .  about  . . .
Careful Consideration: "Sages who take the time to verify their sources are rewarded for their diligence." / —Jhoira, to Teferi
Careful Study: Books are like crops—they must be thinned for best yield.
Caregiver: "The guilds each believe its way is right, but their ways only bring blood to Ravnica's streets and tears to Ravnica's families."
Caress of Phyrexia: "I am weak. Make . . . me . . . ideal."
Carnage Altar: "In these bloodstains I will find the fingerprints of our oppressors." / —Anowon, the Ruin Sage
Carnage Gladiator: Not the foulest or bloodiest act at Rix Maadi by a stretch.
Carnassid: The hunter would never forget the time or place where he first met the carnassid, for they buried him there.
Carnifex Demon: Every contagion has a host.
Carnival Hellsteed: Its favorite treats are candied hands and sweet hearts.
Carnival of Souls: "‘Davvol, blast those elves.' ‘Davvol, transport those troops.' No one cares that today is my birthday."
Carnivorous Death-Parrot: Save a kill spell to deal with this guy.
Carnivorous Moss-Beast: Ranger wisdom dictates that when fleeing from a moss-beast, you must stay calm, find your bearings, and run south.
Carnivorous Plant: "It had a mouth like that of a great beast, and gnashed its teeth as it strained to reach us. I am thankful it possessed no means of locomotion." / —Vervamon the Elder
Carnivorous Plant: "It had a mouth like that of a great beast, and gnashed its teeth as it strained to reach us. I am thankful it possessed no means of locomotion." —Vervamon the Elder
Carnophage: "And in their blind and unattaining state their miserable lives have sunk so low that they must envy every other fate." / —Dante, Inferno, trans. Ciardi
Carnophage: Eating is all it knows.
Carom: Her enemy's strength is her own.
Carrier Pigeons: "Birds know no borders Why, then, should we?" / —General Varchild, in a missive to King Darien of Kjeldor
Carrier Pigeons: "It's true I ask no fealty of the flocks—but surely we are more than mere beasts."King Darien of Kjeldor, in a missive to General Varchild
Carrion Ants: "War is no picnic," my father liked to say. But the Ants seemed to disagree.
Carrion Ants: "War is no picnic," my father liked to say. But the ants seemed to disagree.
Carrion Ants: "‘War is no picnic,' my father liked to say. But the Ants seemed to disagree." —General Chanek Valteroth
Carrion Ants: "‘War is no picnic,' my father liked to say. But the ants seemed to disagree." / —General Chanek Valteroth
Carrion Beetles: It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye.
Carrion Call: The natural order is out of order.
Carrion Crow: When carrion feeds on carrion, dark days approach.
Carrion Feeder: Stinking of rot, it leaps between gravestones in search of its next meal.
Carrion Howler: They chase tirelessly after the bone-carts that speed along the streets of the Plague Quarter.
Carrion Rats: "Just what I need—more competition." / —Cabal grave robber
Carrion Thrash: Viashino hunt in gangs called thrashes. Not all thrashes hunt the freshest game.
Carrion Wall: A wall built from the bodies of the enemy will never lack building material in times of war.
Carrion Wurm: Since it eats only carrion, sometimes it needs to make some from scratch.
Carrion: King or herder, the maggots care not.
Carry Away: Stealing goblin weapons would be easier if the goblins were smart enough to let go.
Cartel Aristocrat: "Your life serves a higher purpose now: ensuring the continuation of my own."
Cartographer: "Finding the way once is luck. Finding the way twice takes a good map."
Cartographer: How do you map a world when the land moves beneath your feet?
Carven Caryatid: So-called "old wood" is rare in deforested Ravnica. Statues carved from it are said to house the last of the ancient nature spirits.
Cascade Bluffs: Travelers bathe in the falls to wash away curses from the pucas who lurk nearby.
Cast into Darkness: In desperation the soldier prayed to Phenax, begging for the power to cheat the gorgon's gaze.
Castigate: "We have no need for military might. We wield two of the sharpest swords ever forged: Faith in our left hand, Wealth in our right." / —Vuliev of the Ghost Council
Casting of Bones: "Only a necromancer would create such a foul form of divination." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Casting of Bones: "Whether whole or not, still we serve Lim-Dûl's wishes." / —Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Castle Raptors: "Each place we see is as ruined and lifeless as the last. So here we stay, because this ruin is ours."
Castle Sengir: Where hope has no champion, evil rules all.
Castle: ". . . Our castle's strength / Will laugh a siege to scorn." / —William Shakespeare, / Macbeth
Castle: "Hang out our banners on the outward walls; / The cry is still, ‘They come'; our castle's strength / Will laugh a siege to scorn." / —William Shakespeare, Macbeth
Cat Burglar: The il-Kor no longer roam the open plains, but they are still hunters.
Cat Warriors: These stealthy felines have survived so many battles that some believe they must possess many lives.
Cataclysm: "Keep with you only this much: your mount, your blade, and your wits. The rest you can find, build, or take." / —Horse clans' wisdom
Cataclysm: The Weatherlight dragged the Predator behind it, the cradle hauling the casket.
Catacomb Slug: "The entire murder scene was covered in dripping, oozing slime. No need for a soothsayer to solve that one." / —Pel Javya, Wojek investigator
Catalog: "Without order comes errors, and errors kill on Tolaria." / —Barrin, master wizard
Catalog: Though those who study are as many as the hairs on an ox, those who succeed are as rare as unicorns' horns. / —Chinese proverb
Catalyst Stone: The gems' incandescence invades the dreams of all who see them.
Catapult Master: "There's no ‘I' in ‘team,' but there's a ‘we' in ‘weapon.'"
Catapult Squad: Together they could hit anything between the heavens and the horizon.
Catastrophe: Radiant's eyes flashed. "Go, then," the angel spat at Serra, "and leave this world to those who truly care."
Cateran Brute: The Cateran guild prefers to call them "public relations."
Cateran Kidnappers: Recruits aren't always volunteers.
Cateran Summons: Even when recruitment is slow, the guild can always cook something up.
Caterwauling Boggart: "As far as I can tell, that frog dangling from the stick serves absolutely no purpose whatsoever." / —Gaddock Teeg
Cathars' Crusade: Avacyn's holy warriors kept hope alive in her darkest hours. Now they will carry that hope across Innistrad.
Cathartic Adept: "Forget. Only then will there be space for hope between the pain and fear."
Cathedral Sanctifier: "Evil will soon be vanquished. What Innistrad most needs now is healing."
Cathodion: Cathodions repair the Great Furnace by soldering parts of themselves to the mechanism. Eventually, they become one with the machine.
Cathodion: Instead of creating a tool that would be damaged by heat, the Thran built one that was charged by it.
Caustic Crawler: Novice explorers can mistake the acid-carved stone lairs for ancient ruins. They rarely survive to learn better.
Caustic Hound: At first, the Mirrans aimed for its exposed gut. The survivors quickly learned to do otherwise.
Caustic Rain: "Looking out the great windows of Vitu-Ghazi at the foundry stacks belching their smoke to the sky, I wonder when the sky will take its vengeance." / —Heruj, Selesnya initiate
Caustic Tar: "Twisted magic, twisted fate, / Force the land to ooze with hate." / —Cabal chant
Caustic Tar: A forest fire can rejuvenate the land, but the tar's vile consumption leaves the land forever ruined.
Caustic Wasps: Even the wasp knows how to pay the magistrate his due respect.
Cavalry Pegasus: "It is hope, hooved and winged." / —Cymede, queen of Akros
Cave Tiger: The druids found a haven in the cool limestone tunnels beneath Argoth. The invaders found only tigers.
Cave-In: One fleet was gone; others were poised.
Cavern Thoctar: Natives of Naya know better than to loiter near the mouth of a cave. Two glowing red eyes and the stench of foul breath are all the warning you're likely to get.
Cease-Fire: When the crimson fades from the magical embers, a final wisp of smoke will rise. Soon after, hostilities will begin anew.
Ceaseless Searblades: Flamekins' fires burn cool until they decide otherwise.
Celestial Ancient: "We thought the clouds had moved from the night sky. Then the night sky moved, and the horizon grew wings." / —Josuri
Celestial Flare: "You were defeated the moment you declared your aggression." / —Gideon Jura
Celestial Force: "Wishing upon only one star seems like a failure of imagination." / —Vish Kal, Blood Arbiter
Celestial Kirin: All bow at its visitation—some in awe, some in honor, some in fear.
Celestial Mantle: Upon such armor, even a mountain would break.
Celestial Purge: "A world without evil? Boring. Give me vile fiends to smite and banish any day." / —Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Celestial Purge: "They say only the good die young. Obviously, you are one of the exceptions." / —Delrobah, cleric of Ivora Gate
Celestial Purge: "This new chaos confounds us. We must fling it into our winds, our storms. These we can control." / —Bezzit Plar, Esper stormcaller
Celestial Purge: "We see clearly the error of your ways. It does not matter that you choose not to." / —Urien of the Lightwielders
Celestial Sword: "So great is its power, only the chosen can wield it and live." / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Cellar Door: As if anyone needed another reason to avoid dark, dank cellars.
Cemetery Gate: "It keeps some out, yes. It also keeps others in" / —Grandmother Sengir
Cemetery Gate: "Just the place for a picnic." / —Murat, Death Speaker
Cemetery Puca: "'Tis a strange creature indeed that chooses the vanquished over the victor." / —Awylla, elvish safewright
Cemetery Reaper: Every grave cradles a recruit.
Cenn's Enlistment: The more the scarier.
Cenn's Heir: His home clachan's familial spirit bolsters his own, but he will be ready to preside over the town as cenn only after he learns to project that strength to others.
Cenn's Tactician: "A well-trained force brings peace... which brings more time for training!"
Cenn's Tactician: The choke point was the plan, but devoted camaraderie was always her strategy.
Censorship: Editor's note: There were no suitable flavor text submissions for this card.
Centaur Archer: "Centaurs will kill our Aesthir if they can; they've always been enemies. Destroy the horse-people on sight." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Centaur Archer: "Centaurs will kill our aesthir if they can; they've always been enemies. Destroy the horse-people on sight." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Centaur Battlemaster: "A herd is only as strong as its weakest. Our weakest just killed his third minotaur raider—today." / —Braulios of Pheres Band
Centaur Courser: "The centaurs are truly free. Never will they be tamed by temptation or controlled by fear. They live in total harmony, a feat not yet achieved by our kind." / —Ramal, sage of Westgate
Centaur Glade: The Mirari called to the centaurs, and all who heard it were forever changed.
Centaur Healer: Instructors at the Kasarna training grounds are capable healers in case their students fail to grasp the subtleties of combat.
Centaur Omenreader: The wisdom of the omenreaders is legendary. Creatures travel for miles through icy peril to seek their counsel.
Centaur Safeguard: Swift, strong, and selfless, the centaurs are the shields of the Conclave.
Centaur Veteran: He wears his scars like badges of honor, warning his foes that he's not easily defeated.
Centaur's Herald: The farther they go from Vitu-Ghazi, the less willing the crowd is to part for them.
Cephalid Aristocrat: It's easy to tell the difference between the devious cephalids and the trustworthy ones. The trustworthy ones are dead.
Cephalid Broker: Cephalids value the free exchange of ideas—except for the "free" part.
Cephalid Constable: Cephalids don't police people. They police loyalties.
Cephalid Inkshrouder: Cephalids shrink from the harsh glare of scrutiny.
Cephalid Looter: "Amazing, isn't it, what humans will throw away when they're drowning?"
Cephalid Pathmage: Pathmages can open doors that aren't even there.
Cephalid Retainer: Cephalids whisper flattery in your ear, put jewels in your hand, spin dreams in your head, and stick knives in your back.
Cephalid Scout: The more they survey the dreadful dry expanses, the more the cephalids thirst to tame them.
Cephalid Snitch: The cautious are wary of their enemies. The wise are also wary of their friends.
Cerebral Vortex: Izzet brains and Izzet boilers: contents under pressure.
Ceremonial Guard: "These guards are the most disciplined military unit in the city. They couldn't fight their way out of a broom closet, but they've got discipline." / —Gerrard, to Sisay
Cerodon Yearling: The unit of measurement used to chart a cerodon's growth is "persons consumed."
Cerulean Sphinx: "About the sphinx, I have mixed feelings. Their wisdom I crave, but their secrecy I can't tolerate." / —Szadek
Cerulean Wisps: "If you see ghostly lights by the river, eat three twigs of marshroot to ward off kelpies." / —Kithkin superstition
Cerulean Wyvern: "Once, a Quirion asked why I was so cautious when the day was clear. I told him of the sky-blue hide of the cerluean wyvern, and he offered me double if I could conjure a strong tailwind!" / —Sisay, Captain of the Weatherlight
Cessation: "The face of Light will shine upon them, and they will know war no more." / —Song of All, canto 918
Ceta Disciple: "The sea holds all that you need. You simply must know how to ask for it."
Chain Reaction: "We train for the improbable, like lightning striking the same place twice, or striking everywhere at once." / —Nundari, Sea Gate militia captain
Chain Stasis: "Here we go again." / —Kakra, Sea Troll
Chainbreaker: Scarecrows deemed too malevolent to roam free are shackled to boulders or dolmen stones. Their animosity usually outlives the chains.
Chainer's Edict: The pits have their own form of mercy.
Chalice of Death: The bitter taste of life's only certainty.
Chalice of Life: The sweet taste of hope's promise.
Chamber of Manipulation: Politics is just a subtle form of mind control—and cephalids are master politicians.
Chambered Nautilus: What's merely a home for the nautilus can become exquisite jewelry in the hands of Saprazzan artisans.
Chameleon Blur: "Sometimes the best plan is neither fighting nor running." / —Freyalise
Champion Lancer: The flash of his lance projects the pure radiance of his honor.
Champion of the Parish: "I stand for every cobbler, tanner, and fool in this town—and they stand for me."
Champion's Drake: "'Fraid of heights? Ride a horse. 'Fraid of missing out? Rein up a drake." / —Trinda, Hada spy patrol
Chance Encounter: The more unlikely the victory, the more memorable the success.
Chandler: "Never brag about the latest wonder you've created, students. Chandler might be listening." / —Reveka, Wizard Savant
Chandra's Fury: "I asked if they wanted to do things the easy way. I meant easy for me."
Chandra's Outrage: "Her mind is an incredible mix of emotion and power. Even if I could grasp it, I couldn't hold it for long." / —Jace Beleren, on Chandra Nalaar
Chandra's Outrage: Chandra never believed in using her "inside voice."
Chandra's Spitfire: "I've lit most everything on fire—trees, rocks, even the water. Now it's time to burn the clouds."
Changeling Sentinel: There's nothing more unsettling than locking blades with something that looks just like you.
Channel the Suns: To some the birth of the fifth sun was a sign of doom. To others it was a sign of salvation. But to all it was a sign.
Channel: To some mages, the meaning of life is less important than how much is left.
Chant of the Skifsang: The skifsang, seafarers of Nephalia, craft spells like other sailors craft nets—making them strong enough to snare even the deadliest catch.
Chaos Confetti: And you thought that was just an urban legend.
Chaosphere: "I dance the nothing dance, / Feet in the air, knives in the ground." / —Femeref chant
Chaotic Backlash: The concept of thoughtweft fascinates the Nighthearth cult. Imagine, bringing agony to an entire people by torturing just one.
Chapel Geist: Death has bound it with chains of past regrets. Forever it searches for atonement, each kindness removing a single link.
Char-Rumbler: Elementals flourished as Dominaria healed and new forms of life adapted to the land's reinfusion with mana.
Char: If you've never choked on the embers of your own spell, you aren't casting it hard enough.
Char: Izzet mages often acquire their magic reagents from dubious sources, so the potency of their spells is never predictable.
Charging Badger: "If the hierarchies of nature were determined by ferocity alone, the badger would be lord of the beasts." / —Anthousa of Setessa
Charging Bandits: The fear in their victims' eyes is their most cherished reward.
Charging Griffin: Four claws, two wings, one beak, no fear.
Charging Paladin: "Hope shall be the blade that severs our bonds."
Charging Paladin: A true warrior's thoughts are of victory, not death.
Charging Rhino: "Is it wrong to go straight for what you want? Sneaking is for cats and goblins." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Charging Rhino: A rhino rarely uses its horn to announce its charge, only to end it.
Charging Rhino: The knights of Troinir Keep took the rhino as their emblem due to its intense focus when charging down a perceived threat—a trait they discovered on a hunting excursion.
Charging Slateback: Goblins prize its hide for building rock sled runners.
Charging Troll: They stop for nothing, not even the end of a battle.
Chariot of Victory: The greatest heroes are the first to stand, the first to take up arms, and the first to meet the enemy.
Chariot of the Sun: "Sun follows Moon until she tires, then carries her until she's strong / and runs ahead of him again." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Charisma: It was Gerrard's nature to lead and the Mercadians' to follow.
Charmed Griffin: Are you sure you can afford such a luxury?
Charnelhoard Wurm: Jund's dragons hoard only sangrite crystals. Its wurms aren't so picky.
Chasm Drake: "Once he's got you, hold on. Fall from a drake and you'll suffer much worse than a bruise." / —Garl, drake trainer
Chasm Skulker: Designed by Mike Neumann
Chastise: "Why do we pray to the Ancestor? Because She listens." / —Mystic elder
Cheap Ass: And you thought Yawgmoth drove a hard bargain.
Chicken Egg: "That's a lotta nuggets." / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Chicken à la King: During the Chicken Revolution, the king managed to keep his head while the others—well, just ran around.
Chief Engineer: An eye for detail, a mind for numbers, a soul of clockwork.
Chief of the Edge: "We are the swift, the strong, the blade's sharp shriek! Fear nothing, and strike!"
Chief of the Scale: "We are the shield unbroken. If we fall today, we will die well, and our trees will bear our names in honor."
Chieftain en-Dal: The clearest commands are practical examples.
Child of Alara: The progeny of the Maelstrom shows no allegiance—and no mercy—to any of the five shards.
Child of Night: A vampire enacts vengeance on the entire world, claiming her debt two tiny pinpricks at a time.
Child of Night: Sins that would be too gruesome in the light of day are made more pleasing in the dark of night.
Child of Thorns: "The soratami scoff at the perils of Jukai, calling the forest an ‘unruly garden.' Perhaps we should send them a rose such as this." / —Dokai, Weaver of Life
Children of Korlis: "We have a proud history of self-sacrifice. But it is easy, in these bleak times, to find one among us who is eager to die for any cause." / —Tavalus, acolyte of Korlis
Chill of Foreboding: "Wait . . . did you fellows hear something?"
Chill to the Bone: "Thick hides and layered armor won't help when I freeze you from the inside out." / —Heidar, Rimewind master
Chill: "Temper, temper." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Chilling Apparition: Mortal minds shrivel at its touch.
Chilling Shade: Rimewind necromancers caught travelers in mystical blizzards then trapped their spirits in the mist of their final frozen breaths.
Chime of Night: Many sent to serve Davvol carried such instruments, as if to remind him who their true masters were.
Chimeric Coils: The energy that infuses the rings with life also melts them away, leaving only useless puddles of slag.
Chimeric Idol: After a chimeric idol attacked them, the Keldons smashed all unfamiliar statues.
Chimeric Staff: A snake in the grasp.
Chimeric Staff: The staff unraveled in a chaotic chorus of clanging, becoming an improbable beast of hissing blades.
Chittering Rats: Bottom feeders sometimes rise to the top.
Cho-Arrim Bruiser: He doesn't know why the Cho-Arrim fight the Mercadians, but he's happy to bash heads for them anyway.
Cho-Manno, Revolutionary: "Mercadia's masks can no longer hide the truth. Our day has come at last."
Cho-Manno, Revolutionary: "Mercadia's masks can no longer hide the truth. Our day has come at last." / —Cho-Manno
Choice of Damnations: "Life is a series of choices between bad and worse." / —Toshiro Umezawa
Choke: "One day we shall walk where once was water." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Choking Fumes: "Fall to your knees and welcome our embrace." / —Qal-Sha, Priest of Norn
Choking Sands: "The people wiped the sand from their eyes and cursed—and left the barren land to the hyenas and vipers." / —Afari, Tales
Choose Your Champion: "It seems the fate of the world rests on your shoulders, feeble child."
Chorus of Might: "In each of us is the strength of all of us." / —Trostani
Chorus of Woe: When nightstalkers sing, nothing in creation sleeps.
Chorus of the Conclave: "We are many, yet one. We are separate in body, yet speak with a single voice. Join us in our chorus."
Chosen by Heliod: "Training and studies aid a soldier in meager amounts. The gods do the rest." / —Brigone, soldier of Meletis
Chosen of Markov: "I have been found worthy by this great house . . ."
Chromatic Lantern: Dimir mages put the lanterns to good use, creating shapeshifters and sleeper agents from mana foreign to them.
Chromatic Sphere: "As expected, this sphere's design reflects the colors of the four moons . . . plus another?" / —Pontifex, elder researcher
Chromatic Sphere: "Let insight and energy be your guides." / —The Blind Seer, to Gerrard
Chromatic Star: "This item is not from . . . now. It reflects a sky no longer ours and gleams with hope that does not exist." / —Tavalus, acolyte of Korlis
Chrome Steed: According to Auriok myth, it collects scrap in order to reassemble its lost rider.
Chronatog Avatar: VI Prize Avatar
Chronatog: For the chronatog, there is no meal like the present.
Chronic Flooding: With the Izzet occupied elsewhere, many of their public works fell into disrepair.
Chronicler of Heroes: She paints pictures with words, though not all pictures show the truth.
Chronomaton: On the third night, the villagers destroyed their clocks. The sounds of whirring gears and chiming metal held only dread for them.
Chronosavant: "In my dreams, I hear the voices of my future selves who have died in times yet to come. I use that knowledge to avoid those dark futures and continue my search for peace."
Chronostutter: Timing is everything.
Chub Toad: "Chub toad, chub toad / At the door. / Run away quick / Or you'll run no more." / —Traditional children's rhyme
Chub Toad: Chub Toad, Chub Toad / At the door. / Run away quick / Or you'll run no more. / —Traditional children's rhyme
Chub Toad: Chub toad, chub toad / At the door. / Run away quick / Or you'll run no more. / —Traditional children's rhyme
Churning Eddy: "Magic is like the tide—both ebb, both flow, and both serve my whims." / —Empress Llawan
Cinder Crawler: The crawler doesn't care what gets in its way. It pushes everything into the boiling muck and waits for the meal to cook.
Cinder Elemental: "The old gods awoke and sent fingers of fire to see what was left of the old ways under the endless city." / —Daiva, Gruul storyteller
Cinder Elemental: Their rage can grow to such proportions that they explode in a cloud of fire.
Cinder Giant: "The giant wept tears of embers for the deaths of his allies." / —Azeworai, "The Lonely Giant"
Cinder Pyromancer: "If the whole world burns, I'll never grow cold."
Cinder Storm: When the sky's rain has turned to fire, what will put it out?
Cinder Wall: "Easy. All ya gotta do is push somebody into it." / —Squee, goblin cabin hand, / scouting report
Cinder Wall: "The smell of roasted flesh hung over the valley for hours." / —Onean sergeant
Cinderbones: Not all coals lie quietly in their beds of cold ash.
Cinderhaze Wretch: Thick smoke billows and twists to form disturbing faces that cackle and click their teeth to the popping embers.
Circle of Despair: "Life is a resource that should belong only to the strong." / —Shauku, Endbringer
Circle of Flame: "Which do you think is a better deterrent: a moat of water or one of fire?" / —Chandra Nalaar
Circle of Protection: Artifacts: "Memnarch shall rage against us. We shall endure."
Citadel of Pain: "Battle is our religion. This fortress is our temple." / —Latulla, Keldon overseer
Citanul Druid: Driven mad by the fall of Argoth, the Citanul Druids found peace only in battle.
Citanul Flute: Each note of the flute mimics the call of a different beast.
Citanul Hierophants: From deep in the caves beneath the forest, the hierophants planned the druids' raids against the enemy.
Citanul Woodreaders: They seek out living trees to glean age-old secrets from sap and wood.
City of Ass: "But . . ."
City of Brass: "Enter this palace-gate and ask the news Of greatness fallen into dust and clay." / —The Arabian Nights, trans. Burton
City of Brass: "There is much to learn here, but few can endure the ringing of the spires." / —Nulakam the Archivist
City of Solitude: "My horizon was the arcing petals, my new home resplendent with spires of weeds and pillows of fragrant pollen." / —Naimah, Femeref philosopher
City of Traitors: "While we fought, the il surrendered." / —Oracle en-Vec
Civic Guildmage: To condemn the innocent you must first condemn yourself. / —Civic Guild maxim
Civic Saber: Those without a guild signet often display a different form of protection.
Civic Wayfinder: "These alleys are not safe. Come, I can guide you back to the market square."
Civilized Scholar: "Me, angry? Of course not. Thanks to my research, I'm above such petty emotions now."
Claim of Erebos: Priests of Erebos give an occasional reminder to mortals who have forgotten their mortality.
Clairvoyance: "As we followed the ice wall, we had the distinct feeling of being watched. Many of the party wanted to turn back." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Clam Session: "Duke, Duke, Duke, Duke of Pearl . . . ."
Clam-I-Am: The Clams down in Clamville / All scootered and skittled— / "The three is no more!" / The Clam fiddler fiddled.
Clambassadors: "Sorry we shelled your village—here's some gold."
Clarion Ultimatum: Be worthy of a single blessing, and many more will follow.
Claustrophobia: Six feet of earth muffled his cries.
Claws of Gix: When the Brotherhood of Gix dug out the cave of Koilos they found their master's severed hand. They enshrined it, hoping that one day it would point the way to Phyrexia.
Claws of Valakut: "Swords may sunder. Shields may fail. My will is stronger than steel, and my flesh and bone far more deadly."
Claws of Wirewood: They say the forest has eyes. They never mention its claws.
Clay Statue: Tawnos won fame as Urza's greatest assistant. After he created these warriors, Urza ended his apprenticeship, promoting him directly to the rank of master.
Cleanfall: During the war, the rites of purification were still effective, but the kami, not the kitsune, chose what to cleanse.
Cleanse: The clouds broke and the sun's rays burst forth; each foul beast in its turn faltered, and was gone.
Cleansing Beam: "Justice is toothless without punishment. Righteousness cannot succeed without the suffering of the guilty." / —Razia
Cleansing Beam: "Justice is toothless without punishment. Righteousness cannot succeed without the suffering of the guilty." / —Razia, Boros archangel
Clear a Path: "Why do guards always look surprised when we bash them?" asked Ruric. / "I think they expect a bribe," said Thar.
Cleaver Riot: Measure once, cut twice.
Clergy en-Vec: "Faith's shield is hammered out by the blows of unbelievers." / —Oracle en-Vec
Clever Impersonator: "Our own selves are the greatest obstacles to enlightenment." / —Narset, khan of the Jeskai
Clickslither: The least popular goblins get the outer caves.
Cliff Threader: "The crossing demands singular focus. Your life consists of these ropes, these hooks, and these rocky crags. Your past is miles below."
Cliffrunner Behemoth: It's revered for its power, celebrated for its grace, and feared for the avalanches triggered by its thunderous feet.
Clifftop Retreat: Where cathars learn to fight not only demons and vampires, but ignorance as well.
Clinging Darkness: There's an experience worse than blindness—it's the certainty that your vision is perfect and the horror that there's no world around you to see.
Cloak of Feathers: A thousand feathers from a thousand birds, sewn with magic and song.
Cloak of Invisibility: "Useful . . . if you can find it." / —Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Cloak of Mists: "All we could lose, we did. All we could keep, we do. And both are shrouded by mists." / —Barrin, master wizard
Cloaked Siren: "That is not the voice of the wind singing on the stones." / —Callaphe the mariner
Clock of Omens: Most clocks measure time, but a few measure everything.
Clock of Omens: Those near the clock don't hear it anymore, but their every movement is in time with its ticking.
Clockwork Gnomes: "Until I came to the Floating Isle, I never had to oil the servants." / —Baki, Wizard Attendant
Clockwork Gnomes: "Until I came to the Floating Isle, I never had to oil the servants." / —Baki, wizard attendant
Cloistered Youth: "I heard her talking in her sleep—pleading, shrieking, snarling. It was not my daughter's voice. That is not my daughter." / —Ekatrin, elder of Hanweir
Clone: He knows your strengths, your weaknesses, and the shape of that unfortunate birthmark on your backside.
Clone: One face, two minds.
Clone: The shapeshifter mimics with a twin's esteem and a mirror's cruelty.
Close Quarters: The Mercadians' ineptitude in close combat sometimes accidentally pays off.
Clot Sliver: "One would think I would be accustomed to unexpected returns." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Cloud Crusader: Each crusader bonds with a griffin fledgling while still a child, and the two grow up as siblings.
Cloud Djinn: As elusive as the footprint of a djinn / —Suq'Ata expression
Cloud Elemental: "The sky teems with just as much life as the forest or the deep seas." / —Hadi Kasten, Calla Dale naturalist
Cloud Elemental: "You know you've angered the gods when the clouds turn against you." / —Sisay, Captain of the Weatherlight
Cloud Elemental: The soratami surround their sky-castles with living clouds that serve as both sword and shield.
Cloud Key: The musical sound of its turning triggers the tumblers of revelation.
Cloud Spirit: Clouds are the soil, dreams are the crop. / —Kor saying
Cloud Sprite: The delicate sprites carry messages for Saprazzans, but they refuse to land in Mercadia City's filthy markets.
Cloudchaser Eagle: Most eagles hunt small animals. The cloudchasers hunt magic.
Cloudchaser Eagle: When the eagle catches a cloud, it tears it into strips that fall to earth. / —Vec myth of the rains
Cloudcrown Oak: "Clever folk build their homes near cloudcrowns. If a hawk or even just a faerie tries to swoop in, it'll get swatted from here to Cloverdell." / —Calydd, kithkin farmer
Cloudheath Drake: A permanent storm rages over the plain of Cloudheath, and drakes ride its currents—two reminders that some elements of Esper will not be controlled.
Cloudpost: "He watches from above. He watches from below. He watches from within." -Inscription on Tel-Jilad, the Tree of Tales
Cloudpost: "He watches from above. He watches from below. He watches from within." / —Inscription on Tel-Jilad, the Tree of Tales
Cloudreach Cavalry: "It's easy to lose sight of hope until you gaze out from my vantage point."
Cloudshift: "Even storm clouds bow to worship Avacyn." / —Elder Rimheit
Cloudstone Curio: It wants to remain a mystery, banishing the curious in favor of less inquisitive company.
Cloven Casting: "Let us flee to the deep jungle. Our city is no longer safe—and I suspect neither is the fallback retreat."
Clutch of Undeath: The hand of death recognizes its own.
Coal Golem: "Three such creatures stood burning at the crest of the hill. Only seconds later, the Fireball struck our front line." —Lydia, Countess Brellis
Coal Golem: "Three such creatures stood burning at the crest of the hill. Only seconds later, the fireball struck our front line." / —Lydia, Countess Brellis
Coal Stoker: "The day is mine! I sent three such creatures against my foe, then watched as my magefire popped her soldiers like overripe spleenfruits." / —Dobruk the Unstable, pyromancer
Coalhauler Swine: Nothing stops industry in Ravnica—certainly not the safety of its workers.
Coalition Honor Guard: Giving little thought to their own defense, they carried the flag that united their army.
Coalition Victory: "You can build a perfect machine out of imperfect parts." / —Urza
Coast Watcher: The aven came to fear the forest's clawing branches, but the watchers quickly renewed their courage.
Coastal Drake: When the kavu emerged from their ancient nests, food chains long dormant became vibrant again.
Coastal Hornclaw: Jamuraan farmers fear three things above all else: droughts, floods, and hornclaws.
Coastal Piracy: "I don't like to think of myself as a pirate. I'm more like a stimulator of the local economy."
Coastal Tower: A beacon in the night, a dream in the fog.
Coastal Tower: The Capashen built the highest towers in Benalia to afford themselves the best view.
Coastline Chimera: Seeing a chimera overhead foretells good fortune, but only because seeing one any closer foretells dismemberment.
Coat of Arms: "Hup, two, three, four, / Dunno how to count no more."
Coat of Arms: "Hup, two, three, four, / Dunno how to count no more." / —Mogg march
Coat of Arms: A banner for bonds of blood or belief.
Cobalt Golem: Centuries before the first tides of the Quicksilver Sea rose to meet each new sun, Mirrodin's light shone on the golems alone.
Cobblebrute: The most ancient streets take on a life of their own. A few have decided to move to nicer neighborhoods.
Cobbled Wings: For the necro-alchemist, any puzzle can be solved with intelligence and harvested body parts.
Coerced Confession: "Ask the right questions in the right way and truth is inevitable." / —Lazav
Coercion: "Human tenderness is simply weakness in a pretty package."
Coercion: "Human tenderness is simply weakness in a pretty package." / —Tojira, swamp queen
Coercion: "Of all I that I have lost, I miss my mind the most."
Coercion: "There's very little that escapes me, Greven. And you will escape very little if you fail." / —Volrath
Coercion: A rhino's bargain / —Femeref expression meaning "a situation with no choices"
Coercion: A rhino's bargain / —Femeref expression meaning / "a situation with no choices"
Coercion: Though he held the title of prime minister, Cao Cao used the emperor's name to exert his own influence on the empire.
Coffin Puppets: The ground won't accept them.
Cogwork Librarian: Why wait for answers?
Cogwork Spy: Paliano's creations provide ample opportunities to plot the downfall of a neighbor.
Coiled Tinviper: The bite of the tinviper feels most like a razor drawn across the tongue.
Coiling Oracle: Snaking remnants of nature directed by a body of thought and progress, the oracles embody all that is Simic.
Coiling Woodworm: Only the elves know where the woods end and the woodworm begins.
Coils of the Medusa: Serpentine locks shape ornate rocks.
Cold Snap: Who knows from whence the winter comes?
Cold-Eyed Selkie: She follows the old tributaries built when merrows still shaped the tides.
Coldsteel Heart: The Phyrexian death machine awoke, its coldsteel heart imbuing it with sinister new power.
Collective Blessing: Senators of Azorius often hired agents to spy on the Selesnya. They were told to record every spore and root they saw, as each could become a deadly foe.
Collective Unconscious: "The beasts of the wild are my senses. It is through their eyes that all knowledge shall come to me."
Collective Unconscious: Gerrard knew little of Ramos, the sky god they worshiped. But he felt the power of the chant.
Collector Protector: "Here—have a Mudhole."
Colos Yearling: A steed grows with its rider.
Colossal Might: "Never corner a barbarian. You become the path of least resistance." / —Sarkhan Vol
Colossus of Sardia: Buried under a thin layer of dirt, it was known for centuries as Mount Sardia.
Colossus of Sardia: From the Sardian mountains wakes ancient doom: / Warrior born from a rocky womb.
Colossus of Sardia: From the Sardian mountains wakes ancient doom: / Warrior born from a rocky womb.
Coma Veil: Etherium does not know sleep. Only magic can teach it the resting state of cold steel.
Combat Medic: "Although Icatia's Combat Medics borrowed much of their knowledge from other societies, their skills were their own." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Combat Medic: "Time enough to become a Medic once you're hurt too badly to fight. For now, Icatia needs your strength more than your compassion." / —Lydia Wynforth, Mayor of Trokair
Combat Medic: "We'd no sooner knock 'em back on their heels than that accursed sawbones would show up and patch 'em back together again." / —Ivra Jursdotter
Combat Medic: "Without Combat Medics, Icatia would probably not have withstood the forces of chaos as long as it did." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Combat Medic: "Without combat medics, Icatia would probably not have withstood the forces of chaos as long as it did." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Command Tower: When defeat is near and guidance is scarce, all eyes look in one direction.
Commander Eesha: "War glides on the simplest updrafts while peace struggles against hurricane winds. It is the way of the world. It must change."
Commander Greven il-Vec: "Rage is the only freedom left me." / —Greven il-Vec
Commander's Authority: "Wear her symbol with honor, a sign of faith upheld and honest deeds bravely done."
Commander's Sphere: It harmonizes with the essence of its master.
Common Bond: Wolf riders hone their skills traversing the perilous rooftops, each dizzying step bringing elf and wolf closer together.
Common Cause: Mercadia City's troops are at their best when they have no enemy to fight.
Common Courtesy: "You didn't say the Magic word."
Commune with the Gods: For the first time in many years, Elspeth asked for help.
Complex Automaton: "This wasteful design cannot possibly be Phyrexian." / —Belbe
Composite Golem: An artificer's experiment in cross-material engineering found its own purpose as an interpreter between cultures.
Composite Golem: It binds the five suns in human form.
Compost: A fruit must rot before its seed can sprout. / —Yavimaya saying
Compulsive Research: "Four parts molten bronze, yes . . . one part frozen mercury, yes, yes . . . but then what?"
Concentrate: "The treasure in my mind is greater than any worldly glory."
Conch Horn: Even the most skilled of modern mages only partially understand the Conch Horn's awesome powers.
Conclave Equenaut: Equenauts are the seeds of the Conclave, scattered on the four winds, searching for new places to take root.
Concordia Pegasus: "A kick from its hooves is like a bolt of lightning. I'd know. I've been hit by both." / —Rencz, Izzet chemister's aide
Concussive Bolt: Shock one, awe the rest.
Condemn: "No doubt the arbiters would put you away, after all the documents are signed. But I will have justice now!" / —Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Condemn: "No doubt the arbiters would put you away, after all the documents are signed. But I will have justice now." / —Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Cone of Flame: "Mine is not the warmth of compassion." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Confessor: "There will be gains for our losses. There will be rights for our wrongs."
Confiscate: "I don't understand why he works so hard on a device to duplicate a sound so easily made with hand and armpit." / —Barrin, progress report
Confiscate: "It is better to take what does not belong to you than to let it lie around neglected." / —Mark Twain, More Maxims of Mark
Confiscate: "The surface world contains nothing I cannot take." / —The Lord of Atlantis
Conflux: After years of world-bending machinations, Bolas's triumph is at hand.
Confound: "Did I know Szat would betray us?" Urza asked quizzically. "I was counting on it."
Congregate: "In the gathering there is strength for all who founder, renewal for all who languish, love for all who sing." / —Song of All, canto 642
Congregation at Dawn: "It is fitting that we meet in the first hour of light, for we are called by the Conclave to pierce a threat of darkness."
Conjured Currency: A bargain in Keyhole Downs is always too good to be true.
Conjurer's Ban: Orzhov faithful file past to have their minds purged of "impure" desires. There, the guiltwardens eliminate any thoughts of hope or self-sufficiency.
Conjurer's Bauble: It is the moment of discovery, the triumph of the mind, the reimagining of past glory.
Conjurer's Closet: "Tomorrow wears yesterday's face." / —Kordel the Cryptic
Conquer: "Every field watered in warriors' blood is sacred ground. Lay it not to waste, but claim it for our own—for glory, and for Stromgald!" / —Avram Garrisson, / Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Conquer: "Why do we trade with those despicable Elves? You don't live in forests, you burn them!" / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Conquer: "Why do we trade with those despicable elves? You don't live in forests, you burn them!" / —Avram Garrisson, / Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Conquer: "Why do we trade with those despicable elves? You don't live in forests, you burn them!" / —Avram Garrisson, leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Conquering Manticore: It speaks no commands but is always obeyed.
Consecrated Sphinx: Blessed by the hands of Jin-Gitaxias.
Consign to Dream: "Dreams are fleeting. Reality even more so." / —Oona, queen of the fae
Constricting Sliver: Slivers are often seen toying with enemies they capture, not out of cruelty, but to fully learn their physical capabilities.
Constricting Tendrils: Priests of Bant protect their temples with traps more elaborate than any mosaic floor.
Consult the Necrosages: Dimir rank and file never see nor hear their guildmaster. All orders are given through mysterious necrosages who appear from the shadows, tersely toss out a command, and then melt into the darkness.
Consume Spirit: "You clerics brag about your strength of spirit, yet I take away the tiniest fragment, and you crumple like a rag doll." / —Sorin Markov
Consume Spirit: "Your blood, your marrow, your spirit—all are mine." / —Mayvar, minion of Geth
Consume Spirit: Mephidross changes all who dwell there, taking their lives and adding them to its own.
Consume Strength: "You are correct. This is going to hurt." / —Vraska
Consume Strength: As Multani's troops invaded Urborg, the decay of the swamp became a feast for the living.
Consume the Meek: "Why does it destroy? It does, and to talk of reasons wastes time and breath." / —Nirthu, lone missionary
Consuming Bonfire: "The elves use treefolk to drive us away. It is time to remove their tools." / —Vessifrus, flamekin demagogue
Consumptive Goo: Silent as fog and relentless as plague, it is wet, creeping death.
Contagious Nim: "This species has grown to be my preferred receptacle for our divine message." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Containment Priest: Some protection requires a bit of finesse.
Contaminated Bond: "My favorite curses are those that manifest slowly, blackening the soul in ways the victim cannot hope to understand." / —Erissa, bog witch
Contaminated Bond: This leash disciplines the master.
Contaminated Ground: "No one cares about pollution until they can see it." / —Gurras, Golgari rot farmer
Contaminated Ground: "The Na Plateau is lost. Do not ask what happened, and never return there." / —Nirthu, lone missionary
Contemplation: "How fascinating it is to watch the machinations of one's own mind play themselves out." / —Volrath
Contempt: "Predictable little man. In all these years you taught me so much yet learned so little." / —Volrath, to Starke
Control Magic: "Do as I think, not as I do." / —Jace Beleren
Control of the Court: "Power-hungry eunuchs, the curse of the dynasty, have thrown the masses of the people into the depths of misery."
Controlled Instincts: Togk Manytooth struggled helplessly as the kathari circled above him. For a warrior, immobilization is a fate worse than death.
Convalescence: Selenia had hurt Mirri terribly, but injuries of the flesh could be treated. The wounds she had torn in Crovax's soul would never close.
Convalescent Care: Enlightenment comes most swiftly at life's end.
Conviction: It was not the minotaur's shoulders but his soul that bore the heaviest weight.
Convincing Mirage: "Where are we? You must learn to ask more useful questions than that."
Convolute: The words came to the sorcerer's lips but refused to budge any further.
Cooperation: "The Elves train our healers, and we keep the Orcs at bay. Most Elvish bargains aren't as fair." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Coordinated Assault: It's hard to shout "Shields up!" with a javelin in your chest.
Copper Carapace: "We will fight as they do: our flesh protected behind metal." / —Tae Aquil, Viridan weaponsmith
Copper Gnomes: Start with eleven gnomes and a room of parts, and come morning you'll have ten and a monster the likes of which you've never seen.
Copper Myr: The elves thought of the myr as minor threats, just as the myr thought of the elves.
Copper Myr: The myr are like verdigris: an ever-present patina on the surface of a metal world.
Copper-Leaf Angel: "When Serra made angels, people called her a goddess. My angels are far superior to hers." / —Latulla, Keldon overseer
Copperhoof Vorrac: Like all forest beasts, it lives by one rule: if there's no room to grow, make some.
Copperhorn Scout: Fangren spur may sound louder, but Viridian resurgents claim that the horn of the vorrac creates a truer, more inspiring note.
Copperline Gorge: Where the Tangle overruns the Oxidda mountains, metallic beasts scratch their territories in the verdigris.
Copy Enchantment: Simic mages create redundant backups of their experiments to reduce the consequences of catastrophe.
Coral Eel: Some fishers like to eat eels, and some eels like to eat fishers.
Coral Merfolk: Early sailors thought they were tricks of the mind or perhaps manatees. As more and more ships were classified as lost to "manatee attacks," the truth began to dawn.
Coral Merfolk: It is not unusual for a single family of coral merfolk to spend centuries carefully guiding the growth of the reefs where they make their home.
Coral Merfolk: Merfolk are best known for their subtle magic. But those who try to fight them in their own territory quickly realize that merfolk are hardly defenseless on the field of battle.
Coral Merfolk: The coral merfolk delight in wrestling with their foes, skinning them alive on the razor-sharp edges of their reef.
Coral Trickster: They wait in darkened depths, laughing eagerly.
Coretapper: It converts the faintest surges of power from Mirrodin's core into usable energy, providing endless power for Memnarch's creations on the surface.
Cornered Market: Don't step on the livelihood of other vendors, or they may step on you. / —Mercadian saying
Corpse Blockade: There are laws against it, but the dead have no one to complain to and the living are too frightened to investigate.
Corpse Hauler: "He expects a reward, but the only piece of silver he'll get from me is my blade in his gut." / —Shelac, necromancer
Corpse Traders: Those without breath can't complain.
Corpsejack Menace: Weakness is not in the nature of the Swarm.
Corrosive Gale: "Wipe Sheoldred's spies from the sky. She'll see the result of our vision soon enough." / —Glissa
Corrosive Mentor: Guttering cinders stoke their dying flames by snuffing out the lights of others.
Corrupt Official: His favor comes at a high price.
Corrupt: One misstep in the swamp and the evil that sleeps beneath will rise to find you.
Corrupt: The power of the fens sleeps lightly, and always awakens hungry.
Corrupt: There are things beneath the murk for whom the bog is a stew, a thin broth in need of meat.
Corrupt: Yawgmoth brushed Urza's mind, and Urza's world convulsed.
Corrupted Conscience: Karn's creation is now his master.
Corrupted Harvester: "Before the blessed assault begins, we must seek specimens that are well-adapted to our way of . . . life." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Corrupted Resolve: "Flesh is a sickness that infects Phyrexia." / —Avaricta, Gitaxian sective
Corrupted Roots: The bones of Jund's dead resurfaced in Naya, poisoning the jungle and killing the sunseeders' crops.
Cosi's Ravager: "Cosi has many followers. Even the volcano finds a way to do his bidding." / —Zakken, Enclave cleric
Cosi's Trickster: She watches the chaos created by the Roil, seeking strength in the patterns of anarchy.
Cosmic Horror: ". . . [S]creams of horror rend th' affrighted skies." —Alexander Pope, The Rape of the Lock
Cosmic Horror: "Then flashed the living lightning from her eyes,/ And screams of horror rend th' affrighted skies." / —Alexander Pope, The Rape of the Lock
Cosmic Larva: For millennia they wandered from plane to plane, devouring all metal. Finally, their wanderings are over.
Council of Advisors: Sun Quan's long and successful rule in the years 199 to 251 was due to his ability to choose and foster talented advisors and generals.
Council's Judgment: When its power is threatened, the council speaks with a unified voice.
Counsel of the Soratami: "Wisdom is not the counting of all the drops in a waterfall. Wisdom is learning why the water seeks the earth."
Counterintelligence: Before the battle of Red Cliffs, a supposedly sleeping Zhou Yu allowed his old friend, a Wei advisor, to steal a planted letter forged as if from Wei's two best admirals.
Counterlash: "Pathetic. Let me show you how it's done."
Countermand: The physical pain was nothing compared to the agony in his mind.
Counterspell: "It was probably a lousy spell in the first place." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Counterspell: "The duel was going badly for me, and Zur thought I was finished. He boasted that he would eat my soul—but all he ate were his words." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Counterspell: "The duel was going badly for me, and Zur thought I was finished. He boasted that he would eat my soul—but all he ate were his words." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Counterspell: "Your attack has been rendered harmless. It is, however, quite pretty." / —Saprazzan vizier
Counterspell: The pyromancer summoned up her mightiest onslaught of fire and rage. Jace feigned interest.
Countersquall: "The essence of every world, every spell, and every thought is power. Nothing else matters, because nothing else exists." / —Nicol Bolas
Countersquall: Each of the twenty-three winds of Esper is named and chronicled, and every possible interaction with the flow of magic is exhaustively detailed.
Courier Hawk: The Orzhov started using hawks as messengers in order to bypass the many toll roads and bridges that dot Ravnica. Soon the service became one of their most profitable businesses.
Courier's Capsule: In ages past, Esper couriers bore messages written on ornate scrolls. The medium has grown more sophisticated, but the principle remains the same.
Coursers' Accord: Bleak rumors reached Trostani's ears. She decreed that no one should travel alone.
Court Archers: The Sun-Dappled Court of Valeron stands secure behind a wall of steel-tipped arrows.
Court Homunculus: Mages of Esper measure their wealth and status by the number of servants in their retinues.
Court Street Denizen: "The Boros fight for justice. The Azorius fight for law. I hold the line between, and make sure the people are given both."
Courtly Provocateur: "My one regret is that I have mastered an art that leaves its audience unable to applaud."
Covenant of Minds: Before signing anything on Grixis, always read the fine print.
Covert Operative: Some spies seek clarity. Others seek transparency.
Covetous Dragon: Gatha survived as long as he did by giving all Keld's predators exactly what they wanted.
Cowardice: "Cowards die many times before their deaths; / The valiant never taste of death but once." / —William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar
Cowardice: Gerrard was the Mercadian soldiers' greatest hero; they followed him blindly. When he left, they stumbled around blindly.
Cower in Fear: "You will fully understand fear when you discover it is the final thing you put your faith in." / —Nicol Bolas
Crabapple Cohort: Seven wives made seven pies from seven apples, each plucked from its branches. Now bare and bitter, it comes to exact its price: one apple, one bone.
Crack the Earth: "As the war progressed, the destruction the kami caused became more widespread and less predictable." / —Observations of the Kami War
Crackdown: "There is no place for mercy in defense of our lives." / —Ta-Spon, Cho-Arrim executioner
Crackling Club: It adds injury to injury.
Crackling Doom: Do not fear the lightning. Fear the one it obeys.
Crackling Perimeter: As the path he sought came into focus, Niv-Mizzet took steps to prevent others from approaching it.
Crackling Triton: He calls upon both the currents in the sea and the current in the clouds.
Cradle Guard: Mother, sleep / Dream our lives / Our roots your soul / Our leaves your bed.
Cradle of Vitality: Naya's trees grow tall and sturdy. Their foliage intertwines to form dewcups, rainwater pools where the elves gather to celebrate life.
Cradle to Grave: "As the fell soil's appetite grows, it gulps down passersby upon their first footfall." / —Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Crafty Pathmage: Follow the pathmage / —Otarian expression meaning / "escape quickly"
Crafty Pathmage: The most valuable commodity in the pits is a way out.
Crag Puca: "Be happy when you see a puca shaped like mischief. It's far better than one shaped like death." / —Dindun of Kulrath Mine
Crag Saurian: It follows the strongest leader—the one with the longest whip.
Cragganwick Cremator: Each night that his bowl fills, a village mourns.
Cranial Archive: The greatest idea the zombie ever had in its head wasn't even its own.
Crash Landing: "The other guilds think they're untouchable. It's time we brought them back down to earth." / —Ghut Rak, Gruul guildmage
Crash of Rhinos: Love is like a rhino, short-sighted and hasty; if it cannot find a way, it will make a way. / —Femeref adage
Crash: Gerrard shook his head as the ground rushed to meet him. "This," he thought, "is not the start I was hoping for."
Crashing Boars: Bores ruin a party. Boars are party to ruin.
Craterhoof Behemoth: Its footsteps of today are the lakes of tomorrow.
Craterize: "‘Utterly' is my favorite way to destroy something." / —Chandra Nalaar
Craven Giant: "The best armor is to keep out of range." / —Italian proverb
Craven Giant: What is high as a mountain and low as a snake? / —Dal riddle
Craven Knight: "I say victory is better than honor."
Craw Giant: Harthag gave a jolly laugh as he surveyed the army before him. "Ho ho ho! Midgets! You think you can stand in my way?"
Craw Wurm: The most terrifying thing about the Craw Wurm is probably the horrible crashing sound it makes as it speeds through the forest. This noise is so loud it echoes through the trees and seems to come from all directions at once.
Craw Wurm: The most terrifying thing about the craw wurm is probably the horrible crashing sound it makes as it speeds through the forest. This noise is so loud it echoes through the trees and seems to come from all directions at once.
Crawlspace: Lord Rondor arrived for battle with sixty war elephants, ten catapults, and two hundred of his finest archers. Then he saw the battlefield . . .
Crawlspace: The goblins did not understand their attraction to the mana rig. They simply knew it was where they belonged.
Crazed Armodon: These are its last days. Mourning is over. Rage remains.
Crazed Firecat: "The longer it's caged, the madder it gets." / —Firecat handler
Crazed Goblin: Because fighting is easier than figuring out what else to do.
Crazed Skirge: They are Phyrexia's couriers; the messages they carry are inscribed on their slick hides.
Creakwood Ghoul: Some eat the living. Some eat the dead. It eats the past.
Creature Guy: There once was a player named Quinn, . . .
Creeperhulk: "I saw the devastation when the juggernauts crashed the walls of An Karras. Then I got to thinking." / —Janji, sylvan druid
Creeping Corrosion: "We will reveal the futility of their heresy by showing them how fragile their relics are." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Creeping Mold: "Mold could catch you." / —Suq'Ata insult
Creeping Mold: Mold crept over the walls and into every crevice until the gleaming white stone strained and burst.
Creeping Mold: The deadliest force on Mirrodin isn't the largest organism—it's the smallest.
Creepy Doll: A child's porcelain doll went missing one night, as did a pair of kitchen shears and the town magistrate.
Cremate: "Without a body, the soul is helpless to fight the terms of our contracts." / —Somhaur, Orzhov pontiff
Cremate: Cremation of the dead is not a religious ritual in Ravnica. It's a business designed to keep the Golgari from growing in numbers.
Cremate: Death's embrace need not be cold.
Crenellated Wall: Mercadian soldiers excel at finding things to stand behind.
Crested Craghorn: "Craghorns experience a wide range of emotions: rage, fury, anger . . ." / —Foothill guide
Crimson Acolyte: The faithful will walk through streams of fire and emerge unscathed. / —Crimson acolyte creed
Crimson Hellkite: "Dragonfire forged me a warrior." / —Rashida Scalebane
Crimson Hellkite: The hellkites are artists with flames, painting the world with fire.
Crimson Kobolds: "Kobolds are harmless." / —Bearand the Bold, epitaph
Crimson Mage: "We wield the fires of rage. War is our blood and destruction our birthright." / —Crimson creed
Crimson Manticore: Manticores divide all beings into two categories: other manticores and dinner.
Crimson Manticore: Noted neither for their good looks nor their charm, Crimson Manticores can be fearsome allies. As dinner companions, however, they are best left alone.
Crimson Manticore: Noted neither for their good looks nor their charm, Manticores can be fearsome allies.  As dinner companions, however, they are best left alone.
Crimson Manticore: Noted neither for their good looks nor their charm, manticores can be fearsome allies. As dinner companions, however, they are best left alone.
Crimson Wisps: The whispers are incomprehensible, yet cinders always hear a message of urgency.
Crippling Blight: "Still alive? No matter. I'll leave you as a warning to others who would oppose me." / —Vish Kal, Blood Arbiter
Crippling Chill: In the silence of the ice, even dreams become still.
Crippling Chill: One breath of the geist turns veins to rivers of ice and freezes hearts midbeat.
Crookshank Kobolds: The Crookshank military boasts a standing army of nearly twenty-four million, give or take twenty-two million.
Crop Rotation: "Hmm . . . maybe lotuses this year."
Crosis's Attendant: "Crosis is the eye of the ur-dragon, piercing illusion and darkness."
Crosis's Charm: A pretty bauble of persecution.
Crossbow Ambush: There is no drake that flies faster than a crossbow bolt. / —Vec saying
Crossbow Infantry: "He can split a marshfly in two from halfway across the range." / —Onean sergeant
Crossbow Infantry: The crossbow is the ideal weapon for the lazy Mercadians: just point and shoot.
Crossbow Infantry: Twang. You're dead.
Crosstown Courier: Information travels quickly through Ravnica's network of messengers and thought agents.
Crossway Vampire: "Do not flatter Fate. It did not guide you into my clutches tonight. That was all my doing."
Crosswinds: Harbin's ornithopter had been trapped for two days within the currents of the storm. When the skies cleared, all he could see was a horizon of trees.
Crovax, Ascendant Hero: Crovax was destined for an angel's curse, but one warped timeline saw the noble redeemed.
Crovax: How does one escape a curse? For Crovax, a wealthy noble, the answer may lie in joining the crew of the Weatherlight as they seek to rescue their abducted captain Sisay.  Secretly, he hopes in his journeys to find Selenia, the angelic being who abandoned him and his family years ago.
Crowd Favorites: "The rabble likes them. Make sure they win, then book them for tomorrow." / —Cabal Patriarch
Crowd of Cinders: They envy the life-giving heat so much that they tear it from those who still possess it.
Crown of Ascension: "Wisdom, clear my eyes."
Crown of Awe: "Honor, guide my step."
Crown of Doom: Every head it rests upon winds up severed.
Crown of Empires: "With this crown, assert your authority." / —Crown inscription
Crown of Flames: "All my life I've fought these monsters. Today I finish that fight." / —Barrin
Crown of Flames: It is the forge of kings.
Crown of Fury: "Passion, fire my heart."
Crown of Suspicion: "Darkness, hide my fear."
Crown of Vigor: "Life, be my shield."
Crowned Ceratok: The best way to calm a rampaging ceratok is to wait until it dies of natural causes.
Crucible of Fire: "The dragon is a perfect marriage of power and the will to use it." / —Sarkhan Vol
Crucible of Worlds: Amidst the darkest ashes grow the strongest seeds.
Crude Rampart: Success is one part inspiration, nine parts desperation.
Cruel Edict: "Choose your next words carefully. They will be your last." / —Phage the Untouchable
Cruel Edict: "No mockeries now for them; no prayers nor bells, / Nor any voice of mourning save the choirs,— / The shrill, demented choirs of wailing shells." / —Wilfred Owen, / "Anthem for Doomed Youth"
Cruel Edict: "Such a fragile organ, the brain." / —Tojira, swamp queen
Cruel Revival: Few Cabal fighters fear death. They fear what follows it.
Cruel Sadist: Face of innocence. Hand of death. / Designed by Edmund McMillen
Cruel Tutor: The more you pay for the lesson, the better you'll remember it.
Cruel Ultimatum: There is always a greater power.
Crumble: "Ashes and dust; dust and ashes. / Hope it works before it smashes." / —Argivian children's rhyme
Crumble: The spirits of Argoth grant new life to those who repent the folly of enslaving their labors to devices.
Crumbling Ashes: "I was there to watch my brothers' quenching. I drew the slightest warmth from their dying rage." / —Illulia of Nighthearth
Crumbling Necropolis: "They say the ruins of Sedraxis were once a shining capital in Vithia. Now it is a blight, a place to be avoided by the living." / —Olcot, Rider of Joffik
Crusade: "Finally, I understand. Home isn't where you rest. It's what you fight for." / —Elspeth Tirel
Crusader of Odric: "We are Odric's sword. We strike without fear, for his mind has divined how our foe will be slain."
Crusading Knight: "My only dream is to destroy the nightmares of others."
Crush Underfoot: Five-toed grave / —Kithkin phrase meaning / "a giant's footprint"
Crush: A golem's hands know no tenderness.
Crushing Pain: It is said that the mere touch of a kami is like embracing the sun itself.
Crushing Vines: "Your veil's curse won't stop me, deathmage. I have taken down countless night hunters and this dark plane is not big enough for you to hide." / —Garruk Wildspeaker, to Liliana Vess
Cryoclasm: The people of Terisiare had come to live on frozen fields as though on solid ground. Nothing reminded them of the difference more clearly than the rifts brought on by the Thaw.
Crypsis: Tritons borrow the camouflage of their oceanic prey to become predators on land.
Crypt Angel: Once an angel, now an abomination.
Crypt Creeper: "I guess what they say is true. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Or at least stranger." / —Captain Eberhart
Crypt Creeper: To unearth its dinner, it inters itself.
Crypt Incursion: The Golgari maze-runner Varolz hungers to prove his fortitude in battle, and his trail of victims feeds other hungers.
Crypt Rats: "Once I dreamt of death, but now it dreams of me / And only rats and rotting flesh can hear my silent plea." / —Mundungu chant
Crypt Rats: Beware anything born among the dead. / —Tolarian saying
Crypt Ripper: The tender light of the living quickens the pulse of the dead.
Crypt Sliver: "Death couldn't contain the slivers. What made us think we could?" / —Riptide Project researcher
Cryptborn Horror: Although Cryptwitch Merree vanished after a spat with Rakdos, her playthings lingered.
Cryptic Gateway: Its lock changes to fit each key.
Cryptoplasm: "If left in the enemy's shape too long, it might be lost to them." / —Vy Covalt, Neurok agent
Cryptwailing: "Piece the tragic notes together and is it not a melody?" / —Teysa
Crystal Ball: It glints with arcane truths to those who know how to glimpse them.
Crystal Chimes: As Serra was to learn, the peace and sanctity of her realm were as fragile as glass.
Crystal Golem: "Once, a wealthy king commissioned an artificial creature to be crafted from the royal treasury, thinking it a clever ploy to have the jewels guard themselves." / —Azeworai, "The Golem's Wish"
Crystal Quarry: "How tragic that greed eclipses beauty." / —Seton, centaur druid
Crystal Rod: Polished by a thousand waves.
Crystal Seer: "Surprise is a useless, untidy emotion—the plaything of goblins and fools."
Crystal Shard: The vedalken know it is not of this world, so they know that this world is not the only one.
Crystalline Sliver: Bred as living shields, these slivers have proven unruly-they know they cannot be caught.
Crystalline Sliver: Bred as living shields, these slivers have proven unruly—they know they cannot be caught.
Culling Dais: "Forswear the flesh and you will truly see." / —Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Culling Mark: Hunt without Nylea's leave and you may find yourself the next quarry.
Culling Sun: "Who truly runs this city? Look to the sky on hallowed days, and see whose sigil is stamped clearly onto the heavens." / —Vuliev of the Ghost Council
Culling the Weak: "The blood of the weak shall be the ink with which we scribe great Yawgmoth's glorious name." / —Stronghold architect, journal
Cultbrand Cinder: "Your seared flesh will be the first step in your journey to dark enlightenment."
Cultivate: All seeds share a common bond, calling to each other across infinity.
Cumber Stone: "The stone is more potent than ever. The flesh that creeps into our land will become even more slovenly and weak." / —Niclavs, archmage of Esper
Cunning Lethemancer: "Give me your memories, and you will have release from the suffering they bring you."
Cunning Sparkmage: "I see the weaknesses you hide even from yourself."
Cunning Wish: He wished for knowledge, but not for the will to apply it.
Cunning Wish: The foolish wish for that which they desire. The cunning wish for that which they require.
Cunning: ". . . Dry-walkers die / We feed on sweet flesh . . . ." / —Rootwater Saga
Curfew: ". . . But I'm not tired!"
Curiosity: "Surely you know the joy of the hunt, my furry friend. My kind of hunt just takes a different form than yours."
Curiosity: "You know that secret? The one that wakes you up at night in a cold sweat? The one you think no one else in the world knows? Well, guess what."
Curiosity: All Mirri wanted to do was rest, but she couldn't ignore a nagging suspicion as she followed Crovax's skulking form.
Curse Artifact: Voska feared the artifact had come too easily.
Curse of Bloodletting: It is the demon's mark, an infernal claim on the flesh of the guilty.
Curse of Chains: The giant's real punishment was the fleeting moment when he was allowed to stand before being dragged down to his knees again.
Curse of Chaos: "Let them cry for mercy. The only one who can hear them is me." / —Siglind the Conqueror
Curse of Death's Hold: "May you and all your kin waste and wither until your clan is no more!"
Curse of Exhaustion: "I do believe your heresy will prove more difficult now that you have more pressing concerns." / —Bishop Argust
Curse of Inertia: "As long as I pull the strings, you will dance." / —Tezzeret
Curse of Marit Lage: "Our world has not felt her thundering steps in lifetimes, but Marit Lage's presence is still with us." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Curse of Oblivion: The first step to peace is to learn how to forget.
Curse of Predation: "Hunters feed on the fear of their prey." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Curse of Stalked Prey: "Innocent thorns can fill the air with your bloodscent. Don't stray from the path." / —Elmut, crossway watcher
Curse of Thirst: "May you drink until you drown but never be sated." / —Odila, witch of Morkrut
Curse of Wizardry: "We must all push through the pain to heal our world." / —Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Curse of the Bloody Tome: After seeing his life's work drip away, the mage decided it was a good time to go crazy.
Curse of the Forsaken: "Purge the damned, for they have no place among the righteous!" / —Seeta of Thraben
Curse of the Nightly Hunt: When the moon rises and the bloodlust takes hold, nothing matters but the kill.
Curse of the Pierced Heart: "May your veins weep, and may every vampire take notice." / —Stensian curse
Curse of the Swine: Another imminent battle subsided in busy snuffling and carefree rooting.
Cursebreak: No longer the village pariah. No longer taunted and shamed. Sigrun was finally free.
Cursecatcher: "Of all the things that can be stolen, opportunity is the most valuable."
Cursed Flesh: A farewell to arms . . . and feet . . . and legs . . . .
Cursed Flesh: Misery, filth, disease—all things that bring suffering to the world—only make Phyrexians more dangerous.
Cursed Monstrosity: "Run away! It's an . . . um . . . run away!" / —Nomad sentry
Cursed Rack: Ashnod invented several torture techniques that could make victims even miles away beg for mercy as if the End had come.
Cursed Ronin: "You are fortunate, my enemy. You have paid the price but once. I never stop paying."
Cursed Totem: Pass me from soul to soul / soldier to herder, herder to beast, beast to soil / until I am everywhere. / Then pass me those souls. / —Totem inscription (translated)
Cursed Totem: Pass me from soul to soul, / soldier to herder, herder to beast, beast to soil / until I am everywhere. / Then pass me those souls. / —Totem inscription (translated)
Curtain of Light: "Paint gold upon the wind, / Shape the wind into a shield, / And vanish behind the brightness." / —Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Custody Battle: Goblins resolve disputes by splitting everything straight down the middle.
Customs Depot: A bribe is always faster than filling out paperwork.
Cut the Earthly Bond: "The more kami that passed through the veil that separated them from our world, the weaker that veil became, threatening to tear into tatters at the slightest pressure." / —The History of Kamigawa
Cut the Tethers: "You cannot bar the path of gods. You can only divert their journey for a while." / —Sensei Hisoka
Cutthroat Maneuver: "Our ambition drives us forward. Together we will claim what is ours, no matter who holds it."
Cutthroat il-Dal: Her blades slashed across the noble's shadow. He scoffed, then fell over dead.
Cycle of Life: Thus does nature assert herself.
Cyclonic Rift: The Izzet specialize in unnatural disaster.
Cyclopean Giant: A tomb-eye may remain shut for centuries. It opens when it sees a world as twisted and hollow as the wretch beneath its lid.
Cyclopean Mummy: The ritual of plucking out an eye to gain future sight is but a curse that enables the living to see their own deaths.
Cyclopean Snare: The spoiled, gluttonous halls of the Orzhov teem with gaudy, needless wealth. Even their security measures are made for beauty first, efficiency second.
Cyclops Tyrant: A single eye, blinded by rage.
Cyclops of Eternal Fury: "The anger that festers inside this one is contagious." / —Anthousa of Setessa
Cyclops of One-Eyed Pass: The Champion armed herself to face the cyclops, heedless of her companions' despair. / "How will you defeat it with only one spear?" asked young Althemone. / The Champion raised her weapon. "It has but one eye." / —The Theriad
Cylian Elf: From her sunsail tent high above the forest floor, an elf harkener can hear the footfalls of a single creature through the cacophony of Naya's jungle sounds.
Cylian Sunsinger: "The sun shines bright upon the strong."
Cystbearer: Phyrexia strives to simulate natural life, but it can't resist improving on the design.
Cytoshape: "Though highly effective at reshaping flesh, these specially bred cytoplasts leave the subject reeking of omnibian mucus." / —Simic research notes
D'Avenant Archer: Avenant's archers are also trained as poets, so that each arrow is guided by a fragment of verse.
D'Avenant Healer: "One arrow keenly fired might prevent more battlefield wounds than I could treat."
Daggerback Basilisk: "Petrifying gaze, deadly fangs, knifelike dorsal spines, venomous saliva . . . Am I missing anything? . . . Toxic bones? Seriously?" / —Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Daggerclaw Imp: The Simic use the claws as scalpels, while the Rakdos use them for tattooing and torture. The Gruul use them to pick their teeth after lunching on the rest of the carcass.
Daggerdrome Imp: One of the many reasons why open-air markets close at dusk.
Daily Regimen: What self-indulgence tears down, discipline builds up again.
Dakkon Blackblade Avatar: MED Participation Avatar
Dakkon Blackblade: "My power is as vast as the plains, my strength is that of mountains. Each wave that crashes upon the shore thunders like blood in my veins." / —Dakkon Blackblade, Memoirs
Dakkon Blackblade: "My power is as vast as the plains, my strength is that of mountains. Each wave that crashes upon the shore thunders like blood in my veins." —Memoirs
Dakkon Blackblade: "My power is as vast as the plains; my strength is that of mountains. Each wave that crashes upon the shore thunders like blood in my veins." / —Dakkon Blackblade, Memoirs
Dakmor Bat: The bat thrives on what underestimates it.
Dakmor Ghoul: "Cursed be the sickly forms that err from honest Nature's rule!" / —Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "Locksley Hall"
Dakmor Lancer: The darkness of his shield reflects the inky blackness of his soul.
Dakmor Plague: The tiniest cough can be deadlier than the fiercest dragon.
Dakmor Scorpion: A scorpion this big you won't find curled up in your boot. Maybe around your boot, but not in it.
Dakra Mystic: Choices are rarely as simple as they seem.
Damia, Sage of Stone: Ask your query and be on your way. Just don't look her in the eye.
Damping Field: Eventually, mages learned to harness the power of natural damping fields and use it for their own ends.
Damping Matrix: The priests tried cursing it. The mages tried dispelling it. In the end, they all obeyed it.
Dance of Shadows: "Only one man survived, barely sane. He got out two words before collapsing: shadows' shadows."
Dancing Scimitar: A blade that has never known sheath, a hilt that has never known hand.
Dancing Scimitar: Bobbing merrily from opponent to opponent, the scimitar began adding playful little flourishes to its strokes; it even turned a couple of somersaults.
Dandân: "Catch good today. Start replacing crew tomorrow." / —Faysal al-Mousa, fisher captain, log
Dangerous Wager: "C'mon friend, take a turn tossing the knucklebones. What've you got to lose?" / —Tobias, trader of Erdwal
Daraja Griffin: "And the flamingos said, ‘Get out of our nest—we can't be seen with the likes of you!' So, the griffin ate them." / —Azeworai, "The Ugly Bird"
Darba: Legend has it the darba gave up its wings in return for an extra stomach.
Darien, King of Kjeldor: "With his dream of unification fulfilled, Darien became the last king of Kjeldor. Those who followed were known as the kings of New Argive." / —Kjeldor: Ice Civilization
Darigaaz's Attendant: "Darigaaz is the breath of the ur-dragon, burning away the burdens of mortality."
Daring Apprentice: "I've seen my master do this a hundred times. How hard can it be?"
Daring Apprentice: In front of every great wizard is a doomed apprentice.
Daring Leap: Most warriors think in only two dimensions. Agnate and his metathran brethren were trained to battle in three.
Daring Skyjek: "The hard part isn't landing in the saddle. The hard part is leaping before you see it."
Daring Thief: Honesty is the first casualty of war.
Dark Banishing: "Femeref was guided by the wisdom of the Council of Voices. But in one terrible instant, they were slain, leaving Asmira as the sole voice of leadership." / —Hakim, Loreweaver
Dark Banishing: "Ha, banishment? Be merciful, say ‘death,' / For exile hath more terror in his look, / Much more than death." / —William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
Dark Banishing: "Hence ‘banishèd' is banished from the world, / And the world's exile is death." / —William Shakespeare, / Romeo and Juliet
Dark Banishing: "It is the way of most wizards to begin by exiling themselves and to end by exiling everyone else." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Dark Banishing: "Will not the mountains quake and hills melt at the coming of the darkness? Share this vision with your enemies, Lim-Dûl, and they shall wither." / —Leshrac, Walker of Night
Dark Betrayal: "You're just like me: ruthless, cunning, and ambitious. Obviously you're a threat." / —Basarios the Blade
Dark Confidant: Greatness, at any cost.
Dark Favor: When he began to curse what he held holy, his strength grew unrivaled.
Dark Heart of the Wood: "The soil here is rich with the rotting dead, and the sun's fingers barely penetrate the dark canopy. Plant our brethren here. This shall be our sanctuary." / —Savra
Dark Heart of the Wood: Even the Goblins shun this haunted place, where the tree limbs twist in agony and the ground seems to scuttle under your feet.
Dark Impostor: "Ah, this is a nice life. I can see why you were so desperate to keep it."
Dark Maze: "Stray not into the path of darkness, or be lost forever." / —Baki, Wizard Attendant
Dark Maze: "Stray not onto the path of darkness, or be lost forever." / —Baki, wizard attendant
Dark Maze: "The path of faith is fortunately fraught with failure." / —Irini Sengir
Dark Offering: "Our greatest hope has become our enemy's greatest triumph." / —Court counselor
Dark Offering: "Our greatest hope has become our enemy's greatest triumph." / —Restela, Alaborn marshal
Dark Privilege: "As you breathe your last, understand why I accept such forbidden gifts." / —Purraj of Urborg
Dark Prophecy: When the bog ran short on small animals, Ekri turned to the surrounding farmlands.
Dark Revenant: The murderer faced justice in the Azorius courts, but his soul was set free on a technicality.
Dark Ritual: "Eye of twilight, give us sight. / Take our offer, give us might. / Make our power tears of night."
Dark Ritual: "From void evolved Phyrexia. Great Yawgmoth, Father of Machines, saw its perfection. Thus The Grand Evolution began." / —Phyrexian Scriptures
Dark Ritual: "From void evolved Phyrexia. Great Yawgmoth, Father of Machines, saw its perfection. Thus the Grand Evolution began." / —Phyrexian Scriptures
Dark Ritual: "If there is such a thing as too much power, I have not discovered it." / —Volrath
Dark Ritual: "Leshrac, my liege, grant me the power I am due." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Dark Ritual: "The ceremony ended with a voice from the shadows, a voice with vast, ominous power." / —Kifimbo, Shadow Guildmage
Dark Sphere: "I was struck senseless for a moment, but revived when the strange curiosity I carried fell to the ground, screaming like a dying animal." —Barl, Lord Ith
Dark Supplicant: Cabal clerics serve two masters: their patriarch and their god.
Dark Suspicions: "After four thousand years, you learn to plan for betrayal." / —Urza
Dark Temper: When you've got the temperament of a dragon, every argument is one you'll win.
Dark Triumph: All that's left is the coronation.
Dark Tutelage: "It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness." / —Seneca, Epistles, trans. Gummere
Darkest Hour: "Yawgmoth spent eons wrapping Phyrexians in human skin. They are the sleeper agents, and they are everywhere." / —Xantcha, to Urza
Darkest Hour: The eclipse made it clear whose side the sky was on.
Darkheart Sliver: "At first we thought we were in some haunted wood. Then the branches twisted and scuttled toward us." / —Merrik Aidar, Benalish patrol
Darkling Stalker: "In this dark place, yes, I am afraid of my own shadow." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Darklit Gargoyle: It shines in the darkness of its master's ambitions.
Darkness: "If I must die, I will encounter darkness as a bride, / And hug it in mine arms." / —William Shakespeare, / Measure for Measure
Darkness: "If I must die, I will encounter darkness as a bride,/ And hug it in my arms." —William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure
Darkslick Drake: At the edge of the Mephidross, Phyrexia's influence seeps into life and land.
Darkslick Shores: Where the Mephidross leaches into the Quicksilver Sea, the waves writhe with necrogen.
Darksteel Axe: Heavier than it looks, tricky to wield, guaranteed to last.
Darksteel Citadel: Panopticon, forge of the Darksteel Eye, home of Mirrodin's keeper.
Darksteel Citadel: Structures built from darksteel yield to neither assault nor age.
Darksteel Forge: "Did it have this shape upon Mirrodin's creation, or did some inconceivable force shape the unshapable?" / —Pontifex, elder researcher
Darksteel Forge: "It is as if this world has been expecting our blessings." / —Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Darksteel Gargoyle: The ultimate treasure is one that guards itself.
Darksteel Ingot: "It reflects the purity of Mirrodin-that-was." / —Koth of the Hammer
Darksteel Juggernaut: One part unstoppable force, one part immovable object.
Darksteel Mutation: Infinitely powerless.
Darksteel Plate: "If there can be no victory, then I will fight forever." / —Koth of the Hammer
Darksteel Relic: "It's the last thing we can call our own." / —Minhu, Mirran resistance
Darkthicket Wolf: Werewolf slayers don't know for certain how werewolves are created. So they kill all the wolves, just to be safe.
Darkwater Catacombs: Murky Otarian tides hide the forgotten treacheries of the Phyrexian war.
Darkwater Egg: "Do you thirst for knowledge no matter the cost?" / —Watnik, master glassblower
Darting Merfolk: You might as well try to catch water with a net.
Daru Lancer: Although the Order frowned upon his preparations for the pits, behind closed doors most saw the fights as a necessary evil.
Daru Spiritualist: He lifts the spirits of his people so they may descend in wrath upon their foes.
Daru Warchief: His victories speak for him.
Dash Hopes: "Focus an enemy's mind on what's already gone, and it's easier to take away more." / —Holux, stronghold racketeer
Daughter of Autumn: "Those who say that Serra is dead have never met the Autumn Willow's daughters. They are as kind and as generous as Serra would wish us to be." / —Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Daunting Defender: "I will wield the stone of my homeland as though it were the fists of the Ancestor."
Dauntless Escort Avatar: ARB Participation Avatar
Dauntless Escort: Elspeth's squires do not seek advancement. For them, no knightly glory could surpass the glory of serving their champion.
Dauntless Onslaught: "The people of Akros must learn from our leonin adversaries. If we match their staunch ferocity with our superior faith, we cannot fail." / —Cymede, queen of Akros
Dauntless River Marshal: "Thieves and squid squirm the same way when you capture them."
Dauthi Cutthroat: In their twisted logic, to empty the shadow world is to escape it.
Dauthi Embrace: "The Dauthi army grows by screams and bounds." / —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Dauthi Jackal: "All Dauthi are jackals, regardless of breed." / —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Dauthi Marauder: "The Dauthi came from beneath the Ruins one night, and the darkness cast them in the best possible light." / —Soltari Tales of Life
Dauthi Mercenary: "The Dauthi believe they dignify murder by paying for it." / —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Dauthi Mercenary: "The dauthi believe they dignify murder by paying for it." / —Lyna, soltari emissary
Dauthi Slayer: "A wisp of life remains in the undergloom of Death; a visible form, though no heart beats within it." / —Homer, The Iliad, trans. Fitzgerald
Dauthi Slayer: "They have knives for every soul." / —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Dauthi Trapper: Merfolk tell their young of Dandân, humans of Rag Man. Dal tell tales of the Dauthi, and they are far worse.
Dawn Elemental: It was midnight on the Daru Plains, yet it seemed the sun was rising.
Dawn to Dusk: "The numbers of Nyxborn among us have swelled. Is this a sign of the gods' favor, or does it portend something else?"
Dawn's Reflection: Only Sylvok magic could truly capture the perfection of a Mirrodin sunrise.
Dawnbringer Charioteers: "Nyx may belong to the gods, but the skies of Theros are ours."
Dawnglare Invoker: "What we knew as Emeria, Ula, and Cosi were not divine beings at all, but a cruel trick, and a grave error." / —The Invokers' Tales
Dawnglow Infusion: Dawnglove bloom is a potent nostrum, but the dawnglow brewed from its sap is nothing less than life itself.
Dawnray Archer: Their shots are fired most often as signals—or at those who didn't get the message.
Dawnstrider: Morning's mists can hide many things.
Dawnstrike Paladin: She crushes darkness beneath her charger's hooves.
Dawntreader Elk: Silent as winter snow, it seeks wild places unspoiled by the walking dead.
Day of Destiny: "Rise like the sun, stand like the mountain, charge like the lion, die as a hero." / —General Takeno
Day of Judgment: "I have seen planes leveled and all life rendered to dust. It brought no pleasure, even to a heart as dark as mine." / —Sorin Markov
Dazzling Ramparts: When Anafenza holds court under the First Tree, the gates of Mer-Ek are sealed. No safer place exists in all of Tarkir.
Dead Drop: Got a diving lesson / —Sultai expression meaning / "was fed to the crocodiles"
Dead Reckoning: Many venture out to hunt for treasures. Others lie in wait to hunt the hunters.
Dead Reveler: He's the unlife of the party.
Dead Ringers: "Beautiful, isn't it?" crowed Crovax. "They fought together. Now they will die together."
Dead Weight: The crueler vampires' idea of free-range farming.
Deadapult: "Nothing ruins your day like a blazing zombie." / —Tahngarth
Deadbridge Goliath: Some Golgari insects live for centuries—and they never stop growing.
Deadhead: "I'm back from the Dead," the zombie moaned. "And they were far out, man."
Deadly Allure: What could be more irresistible than death?
Deadly Insect: "Beautiful, indeed—but one sting could fell a Giant in a heartbeat." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, / Elvish Hunter
Deadly Insect: "There is no time for pain when this beast leaves its terrible sting." / —Jaeuhl Carthalion, / Juniper Order Advocate
Deadly Insect: With his newfound sense of self-importance, Squee set his sights on ever-bigger bugs.
Deadly Recluse: Even dragons fear its silken strands.
Deadshot Minotaur: "May the earth rise up to meet you."
Deadshot: "Carrion! Keep your distance. My blade will come to you!" / —Crovax
Deal Damage: Until he got singed . . .
Dearly Departed: "Never forget our ancestors. They have not forgotten us." / —Mikaeus, the Lunarch
Death Baron: For the necromancer barons, killing and recruitment are one and the same.
Death Bomb: There's no higher honor in Phyrexia than dying for Yawgmoth's glorious vision.
Death Charmer: It vents the chill of the grave.
Death Cloud: The swarm's million wings stir the foulest of breezes.
Death Cultist: Death inevitably seduces all who study it.
Death Denied: Takenuma was filled with a chorus of moans, shrieks, and wails. Some came from the living, some from the dying, and some, most horribly, from the dead.
Death Frenzy: The crocodiles' putrid jaws swallow everything but the screams.
Death Grasp: Plate mail, the skin of the chest, the rib cage, the heart—all useless against the mage who can reach directly for the soul.
Death Grasp: Yawgmoth's greatest joy came from watching one hero defeat another.
Death Match: The Cabal breeds many things for the pit fights, but it never breeds compassion.
Death Pit Offering: "Kill them all and feed them to the new recruits." / —Crovax
Death Pit Offering: "Kill them all and feed them to the new recruits." / —Crovax, ascendant evincar
Death Pits of Rath: "Neither could I forget what I had read of these pits—that the sudden extinction of life formed no part of their most horrible plan." / —Edgar Allan Poe, / "The Pit and the Pendulum"
Death Pits of Rath: As the sludge below began to shift and take shapes, Gerrard turned from the railing to Orim. "I suppose," he said, "it's a little too late for prayer, isn't it?"
Death Speakers: "Such innocent little birds. They sing a sweet song, sitting on their fragile branch." / —Grandmother Sengir
Death Speakers: "The dead may be beyond the law, but speaking the wisdom of the dead will afford no protection!" / —Calmont, Aysen bureaucrat
Death Stroke: For a sharp second, Selenia froze, and Crovax's blade found home, As the angel shattered like glass, Crovax felt his mind collapse—the curse had been fulfilled.
Death Stroke: For a sharp second, Selenia froze, and Crovax's blade found home. As the angel shattered like glass, Crovax felt his mind collapse—the curse had been fulfilled.
Death Ward: "Sometimes, a soul is not ready to complete its journey to the next world." / —Halvor Arenson, / Kjeldoran Priest
Death Watch: "Watch death wait / Wait, death, watch / Steal breath swiftly / but steal life slowly." / —Suq'Ata dirge
Death Wind: Leukin stared at the smoldering angel feathers. "Run!" he screamed to his patrol. "We don't stand a chance!"
Death Wish: He wished for power, but not for the longevity to abuse it.
Death by Dragons: Suddenly, Eldo felt very alone.
Death's Approach: "It's cold in the grave, and the dead crave your warmth. Who are you to deny them?" / —Strava, Dimir mage
Death's Caress: The faint smell of cloves, the rustling of the wind, and a paralyzing descent into an airless, fathomless tomb.
Death's Duet: Life has always been a dance. It is only fitting that death sing the tune.
Death's Presence: "We traffic in flesh, not souls. Still, it's a shame to let anything go to waste." / —Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Death's Shadow: The shadow of the candle looms tall even as its light grows dim.
Death's-Head Buzzard: Infested with vermin, ever hungering, dropping from night's sky.
Deathbellow Raider: "The temple has been rededicated. It belongs to Mogis now." / —Rastos, disciple of Mogis
Deathcult Rogue: "The hussars can't catch him, and he evades our traps with ease. I fear he walks unseen even in the halls of New Prahv." / —Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Deathcurse Ogre: After their worship of oni began, only a few of Kamigawa's ogres remained in the bitter cold of the Tendo Peaks. Most were drawn to the darkness of Takenuma.
Deathgaze Cockatrice: "Sometimes I come across a stone finger or foot and I know I'm in cockatrice territory." / —Rulak, bog guide
Deathgazer: Your entire life passes before its eyes.
Deathgreeter: "The bones of allies grant wisdom. The bones of enemies grant strength. The bones of dragons grant life eternal."
Deathgrip: "Every forest is carpeted with the corpses of a thousand trees." / —Baron Sengir to Autumn Willow
Deathless Angel: "I should have died that day, but I suffered not a scratch. I awoke in a lake of blood, none of it apparently my own." / —The War Diaries
Deathmark Prelate: Death is a secret he is willing to share.
Deathmark: "I hope it's true that every snowflake is unique, because I never want to see one like this again. Now clean up that body." / —Thangbrand Gyrdsson, Kjeldoran patrol
Deathmark: "Let the final vision of doom be etched upon their unblinking eyes." / —Zul Ashur, lich lord
Deathmark: Even the noblest of intentions and strongest of wills inevitably crumble into dust.
Deathmark: There are few ways to escape the deathmark: bargaining with a demon, washing in the fabled waters of youth, and of course, death.
Deathmask Nezumi: "We had him cornered, we did . . . and, well, you know what they say about rats." / —Araba patrol survivor
Deathreap Ritual: "All who set foot in Paliano are pawns in someone's play for power." / —Marchesa, the Black Rose
Debilitating Injury: "If weakness does not exist within the Temur then we shall force it upon them." / —Sidisi, khan of the Sultai
Debt of Loyalty: "I killed him because I had to," Starke lied to Gerrard. "But now I pledge my loyalty to you."
Debt to the Deathless: Some of Orzhov's cruelest collectors remember their debtors by taste alone.
Debtor's Pulpit: "You may not be able to pay. But you can still kneel." / —Milana, Orzhov prelate
Debtors' Knell: One moment, conscious only of a sense of repose. The next moment, hearing the trudge of his own footsteps. He sighed and squinted into the glare ahead.
Deception: Believing they wrote the forged letter that had been stolen from Zhou Yu, Cao Cao rashly executed his two best admirals for treason.
Decimate: "Anyone can admire creation. Only a barbarian sees the beauty in demolition." / —Kamahl, pit fighter
Decimate: Anarchy comes in many forms: social, individual, Gruul . . .
Decimator Web: Mycosynth grew unfettered beneath the black lacuna, metastasizing into a matrix of noxious energy.
Declaration of Naught: Every story, even a faerie tale, comes to an end.
Decompose: "Sheesh! How am I supposed to make a decent living around here?" / —Cabal grave robber
Deconstruct: "Nothing in this world, not even magic, likes to be caged."
Decorated Griffin: The awards and medals of polis-dwellers mean nothing to griffins, but they repay acts of generosity.
Dedicated Martyr: "If he's so willing to suffer for his cause, then by all means, let us oblige him." / —Cabal Patriarch
Deep Analysis: "No fact escapes me. Why do you think you can?"
Deep Analysis: "The specimen seems to be broken."
Deep-Sea Kraken: The rift remained open for days, sluicing ancient seawater. It closed only after the last great tentacle squirmed its way through.
Deep-Sea Serpent: Sailors fear the deep-sea serpent; others thank the gods it has no legs.
Deep-Slumber Titan: Do not disturb.
Deepchannel Mentor: The rivers can no longer provide safe passage for travelers and commerce. They serve only as highways for raiders and channels for blood and woe.
Deepfire Elemental: "There are deep, deep places in this world that have long burned hot with little regard for the whitening of the earth's thin skin." / —Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper
Deeptread Merrow: "My success at navigating the Dark Meanders irritates the Inkfathom school. They consider themselves peerless divers, but I try to remind them that they cannot own commodities like bravery and cunning."
Deepwater Hypnotist: "Watch the waves too long, and you may never look away." / —Meletian proverb
Deepwood Drummer: His drums echo Deepwood's heartbeat.
Deepwood Elder: They'd guarded the Henge so long that they were as attuned to the powerstones as they were to the trees.
Deepwood Ghoul: They feed on the living to stay undead.
Deepwood Tantiv: A single tantiv is just as dangerous as a herd.
Deepwood Wolverine: The jhovalls are depleting its food sources, the Mercadians are eroding its home, and you're wondering why it's angry?
Defang: Once vampires are disarmed, they're given wooden swords and forced to assist in the training of Midnight Duelists.
Defend the Hearth: The defenders said not a word. Their shields, spears, and stances were warning enough.
Defender of Chaos: Some knights will not follow orders—only disorder.
Defender of Law: "It is not my place to question Radiant's rule. I exist to enforce her will."
Defense Grid: "A good deal of tyranny goes by the name of protection." / —Crystal Eastman, / "Equality or Protection"
Defense Grid: "We've managed to keep the goblins in their assigned areas, but there's little we can do about the smell." / —Whip Tongue, viashino technician
Defense Grid: It lights up the sky, beckoning enemies only to repel them.
Defensive Formation: "Your enemies will pound upon the door of your defenses, but only you shall have the key, and it is the key of life." / —Song of All, canto 873
Defensive Maneuvers: "Only on the battlefield can we repay all the Order has given us."
Defensive Stance: "It isn't for fighting. It's for when the fighting's gone bad." / —Kara Vrist, Mirran resistance
Defiant Elf: "I lost one home when Yavimaya was destroyed. I will not lose another."
Defiant Strike: "Stand where the whole battle can see you. Strike so they'll never forget." / —Anafenza, khan of the Abzan
Defiler of Souls: "Stray not into sin, lest you face the doorman of an insatiable tomb." / —Prayer of Asha
Defiling Tears: Serra's living warriors looked on in horror. "Where is our Lady now?" they cried.
Deflection: "You've thrown your net at the wrong fish." / —The Lord of Atlantis
Deflection: The golden rule of revenge: Do unto others what they tried to do unto you.
Deflection: Up and down, / over and through, / back around— / the joke's on you.
Deft Duelist: Some Serul Cove rogues traffic in stolen sigils, which fetch a high price from those who would rather pay for honor than earn it.
Defy Death: Gisela cornered the murderous demon among the graves of the dead villagers. "A fitting end," she murmured as she raised her sword.
Defy Gravity: Magical or not, it's still a cloud.
Dega Disciple: "There is no true equity of power. There is only more and less."
Deglamer: The more pleasant an illusion's garb, the more indecent its form laid bare.
Dehydration: "Cry to the sun and watch as even your tears forsake you." / —Acolyte of Marit Lage
Dehydration: "You say Saprazzo is a city built on water? I hope they have enough to wash the dust from my throat." / —Sisay
Dehydration: The viashino used the spell to dry foods for crossing the Great Desert. The Suq'Ata later discovered its use in war.
Deicide: "It is done." / —Elspeth
Deity of Scars: "His skin cuts swords." / —The Seer's Parables
Delif's Cone: "Where is it written that beasts must cause pain?" —Delif, Ponderings
Delirium Skeins: There came a rush, a sudden fire in the mind. Then the two saw only the sooty fog of madness, heard only the crackling of their last thoughts burning away.
Delraich: It wears the souls of its victims like jewels on a chain.
Deluge: "From the sea came all life, and to the sea it will return. The sooner the better." / —Emperor Aboshan
Delusions of Mediocrity: When nothing but second best will do.
Dementia Bat: "When terror outweighs all other thoughts, they will understand that I am the true Father of Machines." / —Azax-Azog, the Demon Thane
Demigod of Revenge: "His laugh, a bellowing, deathly din, slices through the heavens, making them bleed." / —The Seer's Parables
Demolish: "Pound the steel until it fits. / Doesn't work? Bash to bits." / —Dwarven forging song
Demolish: "This is why I hate settlements. They lull you into a false sense of security." / —Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Demolish: "To truly defeat a skaberen, you must destroy not the monster but the lab." / —Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Demolish: "When fire is shackled to candle and torch, subjected to insignificance, it finds a way to lash out at its masters." / —Vala, disciple of Purphoros
Demon of Death's Gate: The locks on the cages of the damned are opened with keys of marrow, sinew, and blood.
Demon's Herald: "May these deaths be the first of many."
Demon's Horn: Its curve mimics the twists of life and death.
Demon's Jester: They knock 'em dead, with or without the punch line.
Demonic Appetite: "Morality is just shorthand for the constraints of being powerless." / —Ob Nixilis
Demonic Hordes: Created to destroy Dominia, Demons can sometimes be bent to a more focused purpose.
Demonic Hordes: Created to destroy Dominiaria, demons can sometimes be bent to a more focused purpose.
Demonic Rising: Which is the greater folly, summoning the demon or expecting gratitude from it?
Demonic Taskmaster: Subservience to greater power is the only law in the pit.
Demonic Tutor: Liliana learned the secrets she sought, but at a price that was etched on her fate.
Demonmail Hauberk: It comes off as easily as your own skin.
Demonspine Whip: Using a spine to break a slave's back appeals to the Grixis sense of irony.
Demystify: "Illusion is a crutch for those with no grounding in reality." / —Cho-Manno
Demystify: "The truth will outshine all lies."
Demystify: Behind every mage is a trail of shattered lies.
Demystify: The Singing City was silent, the pathway stones were still, and the winds of the Howling Spire ceased.
Denizen of the Deep: According to merfolk legend, a denizen of the deep swallows the horizon at the end of each day, bringing on the cold blanket of night.
Dense Canopy: The orochi learned how to move swiftly and surely along the forest floor, like fish darting through gull-watched waters.
Dense Foliage: "Big plants not only good for hidin', but full o' tasty bugs, too." / —Squee, goblin cabin hand
Denying Wind: "The third wind of ascension is Eliminator, clearing Keld's path to victory." / —Keld Triumphant
Deploy to the Front: "We will descend upon you like a plague of locusts to purge you from our lands!" / —Hirov, commander of the Thousand Swords
Deprive: "That would have brought shame to you as a mage. Tell you what—I'll keep your secret." / —Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Deputy of Acquittals: "Everyone deserves a day in court."
Deranged Assistant: "Garl, adjust the slurry dispensers. Garl, fetch more corpses. Garl, quit crying and give me your brain tissue. If he doesn't stop being so rude, I'm quitting."
Deranged Outcast: Cast out by his village, he now takes grim offense at refugees who seek shelter in his forest.
Derelor: "Strength it has, but at the cost of a continuous supply of energy. Such failure can bear only one result." / —Execution order of Endrek Sahr, / master breeder
Derelor: "Strength it has, but at the cost of a continuous supply of energy. Such failure can bear only one result." / —From the execution order for Endrek Sahr, Master Breeder
Derelor: "The derelor's greatest contribution to the Ebon Hand was the inspirational effect its creator's execution had upon the other thrull breeders." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Descendant of Kiyomaro: "The blood of Kiyomaro flows in my veins. He did not let Eiganjo fall and neither shall I."
Descendant of Soramaro: "Soramaro speaks through me. Listen! And I will tell the wisdom of the ancestors."
Descent into Madness: The stairs lead down in both directions.
Desecrated Earth: "The land is swollen with mana, cursed relics, and secrets. If you puncture it, you never know what will burst out." / —Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
Desecration Elemental: Its precious corpses dance like puppets to attract mindless nim prey.
Desecration Plague: "The gods think of us as insects. Perhaps there is wisdom in that." / —Perisophia the philosopher
Desecrator Hag: Loose earth is not a burial but an appetizer.
Desert Drake: Never doubt a dragon just because of its size.
Desert Sandstorm: While pursuing the remnants of Yuan Shao's forces into the Wuhan Desert, Cao Cao was temporarily turned back by a fierce sandstorm.
Desert Twister: Massive, mindless, and imbued with one terrible purpose.
Desert Twister: The magical dust clouds Mercadian mages use to traverse the plane generate storms that devastate the surrounding terrain. But as long as the storms don't touch the mountain, the nobles simply don't care.
Deserted Temple: A monument to long-forgotten gods, it stands as a tribute to the fleeting nature of human ways.
Deserter's Quarters: In Akros, the penalty for running from battle is one night's stay in the Deserter's Quarters.
Desertion: First the insult, then the injury.
Desolate Lighthouse: A lonely sentinel facing gales, hurricanes, and tides of homicidal spirits.
Desolation: "Kill a creature, destroy the present. Kill the land, destroy the future." / —Kaervek
Desperate Charge: "Lieutenants dishonored, corpses carted home; The general raises troops again to take revenge."
Desperate Ravings: Her mind was quite gone, yet she spoke nothing but truth.
Desperate Stand: At the Akroan gates, hoplites revived the tactics of Kytheon Iora's infamous irregulars.
Despise: "Truth is always a weapon in your enemies' hands." / —Geth, Lord of the Vault
Despise: "You have returned from fire, traitor. This time I will see you leave as ashes." / —Zurgo, to Sarkhan Vol
Despoil: Nothing could grow where the vile smoke had been, and no one could breathe it and live.
Despotic Scepter: "We were not meant to have such terrible things. They should be left where we found them, if not destroyed!" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Despotic Scepter: "We were not meant to have such terrible things. They should be left where we found them, if not destroyed!" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Destroy the Evidence: Everyone knew the Dimir had done the damage. Everyone suspected the Izzet had hired them.
Destructive Flow: Stage two of the Phyrexian invasion included the complete alteration of Dominaria's landscape.
Destructive Force: The end of the world rarely comes quietly.
Destructive Revelry: "Stoke a fire hot enough and you'll never run out of things to burn." / —Xenagos, the Reveler
Destructive Urge: Red sky at night, dragon's delight.
Detainment Spell: Bind the mind rather than the wrist, and you stop the intent to harm before it starts.
Detonate: The goblins have forty-two different words for "ow."
Deus of Calamity: "He bears the marks of ages upon his skin, memories of dreams long dead and best left buried." / —The Seer's Parables
Devastate: "You're willing to die for your homeland. I'm willing to kill for it." / —Latulla, Keldon overseer
Devastating Dreams: Kamahl dreams of storms of fire.
Devastating Summons: Things born in magma are always angry.
Devastation Tide: It's hard to argue with a force made of divine will.
Devastation: There is much talk about the art of creation. What about the art of destruction?
Deviant Glee: "You just need the right incentive to fulfill my dreams."
Devil's Play: A devil's hands are never idle.
Devoted Caretaker: Her eyes blaze with the strength of twenty shields. Every glance is a salvation.
Devoted Druid: "Mana lurks in all things, even in the depths of one's own heart."
Devoted Hero: The heart's courage is the soul's guardian.
Devoted Retainer: Deep within Eiganjo Castle lay the Palace of Infinite Halls, a seemingly endless network of corridors once guarded by a seemingly endless legion of samurai.
Devour Flesh: His twisted mind concluded that if he was what he ate, and he wanted to stay human, . . .
Devour in Shadow: "Feel the burn of the mists. Master them. They will devour your enemies." / —Geth, keeper of the Vault
Devouring Deep: "Full fathom five thy father lies;/ Of his bones are coral made;/ Those are pearls that were his eyes;/ Nothing of him that doth fade,/ But doth suffer a sea-change/ Into something rich and strange." —William Shakespeare, The Tempest
Devouring Light: "Even your shadow is too foul to tolerate."
Devouring Light: Into the light the good are welcomed, and with the light the evil are banished.
Devouring Swarm: Their arrival is heralded by the deafening hum of ten thousand wings. Their departure is marked by the silence of the dead.
Devout Chaplain: "By Avacyn's decree, we shall cleanse these relics of their demonic past."
Devout Harpist: The notes themselves are irrelevant. The music's effect, however, is worth ten armies.
Devout Invocation: A prayer to bring demons to their knees.
Devout Lightcaster: "Goddess, grant us light to banish the world's shadows." / —Prayer to Kamsa
Devout Monk: Discipline wears many robes.
Devout Witness: The Cho-Arrim fought Mercadia's decadence with more than just swords.
Dewdrop Spy: Only in dew from Oona herself is there clarity enough to see a victim's mind.
Diabolic Edict: Greven il-Vec lifted Vhati off his feet. "The fall will give you time to think on your failure."
Diabolic Machine: "The bolts of our ballistae smashed into the monstrous thing, but our hopes died in our chests as its gears continued turning." / —Sevti Mukul, The Fall of Alsoor
Diabolic Machine: "The bolts of our ballistae smashed into the monstrous thing, but our hopes died in our chests as its gears continued turning." —Sevti Mukul, The Fall of Alsoor
Diabolic Revelation: "There are some secrets so dark no human mind should ever contain them. Interested?" / —Nefarox, Overlord of Grixis
Diabolic Tutor: The best ideas often come from the worst minds.
Diabolic Tutor: The wise always keep an ear open to the whispers of power.
Diabolic Vision: "I have seen the true path. I will not warm myself by the fire—I will become the flame." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Diamond Faerie Avatar: CSP Participation Avatar
Diamond Faerie: "That such delicate creatures could become so powerful in the embrace of winter is yet more proof that I am right." / —Heidar, Rimewind master
Diamond Kaleidoscope: "A pretty toy. Now show me its tactical applications." / —Telim'Tor
Dictate of Erebos: "I take no pleasure in your suffering, but it is necessary. Once you accept your fate you'll find eternity more tolerable."
Dictate of Heliod: "In our war Heliod gave mortals some favor, yet other times he withheld aid. Are we still no more than game pieces to him?" / —Polyxene the Doubter
Dictate of Karametra: "I refuse to let the folly of mortals endanger the home I made for them."
Dictate of Kruphix: "Knowledge is cruel. It will break your heart and test your allegiances. Are you certain you want this curse?"
Dictate of the Twin Gods: Iroas and Mogis are as different in appearance as they are in personality.
Didgeridoo: "Play the song of he who delivered us. Play the song of Feroz." / —Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Diffusion Sliver: "The hive shimmered, and its walls seemed a living mirror." / —Hastric, Thunian scout
Diminish: "‘That was a narrow escape!' said Alice, a good deal frightened at the sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence." / —Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Dimir Charm: "Dangerous to recognize. Deadly not to." / —Lazav
Dimir Cluestone: It waits in the chill of the undercity, holding nameless secrets for those who dare to touch it.
Dimir Cutpurse: Other guilds demand tolls from those who travel their territories, but not House Dimir. It takes its share secretly, one coin purse at a time.
Dimir Doppelganger: "Fear not. Your life will not go unlived."
Dimir Guildgate: Enter and become a mastermind of spies, lies, and deception.
Dimir Guildgate: In the cold corridors of the undercity, misinformation unfurls from Duskmantle like a spreading stain.
Dimir Keyrune: A key that slips through every lock.
Dimir Signet: An emblem of a secret guild, the Dimir insignia is seen only by its own members—and the doomed.
Din of the Fireherd: Vengeance in stampede form.
Dingus Egg: Legend has it that the world was hatched from a dingus egg.
Dingus Staff: "A sharp conscience is the weapon of the soul." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Dinrova Horror: "Welcome to the Dimir Public Offices. Not responsible for death or loss of property. Basement off-limits." / —Sign outside Dinrova Building
Dire Wolves: "It's amazing how scared a city kid can get at a dog. Now, of course, I'd cross Terisiare alone, and keep no watch if I had a pack of greys hanging on my flanks as I went." / —Oddveig Ulfsson, caravan scout
Diregraf Captain: Though its mind has long since rotted away, it wields a sword with deadly skill.
Diregraf Ghoul: "At least this one still has arms and legs. Well, most of its legs." / —Enslow, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Dirtcowl Wurm: Few of Rath's rivers follow a steady course, so many new channels are carved for them.
Dirtwater Wraith: "The foul entities of the Uuserk swamp had never before dared to spread their influence to the very heart of Zhalfir." / —Hakim, Loreweaver
Disappear: If at first you don't succeed, run away and hide.
Disarm: "Be thankful I left you your clothes."
Disciple of Bolas: "Lord Bolas has shown me how each miserable little life holds untold resources."
Disciple of Grace: Beauty is beyond law.
Disciple of Grace: Dread was as foreign to her as the landscape ahead.
Disciple of Griselbrand: The demon Griselbrand dared to stand against Avacyn, earning him the loathing of thousands and the admiration of a few.
Disciple of Kangee: When no birds are available, Kangee's disciples fill the sky with anything that‘s willing to fight.
Disciple of Law: A religious order for religious order.
Disciple of Malice: The lantern he carried did not light his way—it signaled his approach.
Disciple of Tevesh Szat: "You pray to Freyalise, but she cannot hear your pleas. It is Tevesh Szat who will claim your soul."
Disciple of the Old Ways: "Selesnya thinks nature is a pretty plaything. True nature would rip their faces off and wear their skins as trophies."
Disciple of the Vault: He stands in the shadow of his lord, Geth, drinking in the dark energies of the Vault.
Discombobulate: "I said ‘pick his brain,' not ‘tear off his head.'" / —Riptide Project researcher
Disdainful Stroke: "You are beneath contempt. Your lineage will be forgotten."
Disease Carriers: Rath is a disease all its inhabitants carry.
Disembowel: "We thought we found the victim's clothes lumped in the street. As it turned out, it was the victim, insides sucked out—just a sack of skin and robes." / —Agrus Kos
Disempower: "Mangara is gone. Who among you doubts that I have taken his power?" / —Kaervek
Disenchant: "I implore you not to forget the horrors of the past. You would have us start the Brothers' War anew!" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Disenchant: "I implore you not to forget the horrors of the past. You would have us start the Brothers' War anew!" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Disenchant: "I implore you not to forget the horrors of the past. You would have us start the Brothers' War anew" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Disenchant: "Let Phyrexia breed evil in the darkness; my holy light will reveal its taint." / —Serra
Disenchant: "There are harsher ways to learn the meaning of the word ‘no.'" / —Rashida Scalebane
Disenchant: The scepter of power is fragile in a calloused hand. / —Cho-Arrim saying
Disenchant: The swarm seemed unmoved by the artificial slivers' destruction. "They clearly were not the leaders," Hanna cursed. "I guess we'll have to do this the hard way."
Disentomb: "I deal so often in rotting corpses that when I come across the freshly dead . . . why, it's like my birthday come early." / —Nevinyrral, necromancer
Disentomb: "Stop complaining. You can rest when you're dead. Oh—sorry." / —Liliana Vess
Disentomb: The armies of the dead always report well rested.
Disfigure: "Brave scar or unfortunate tale? It all depends on your pain threshold."
Dismal Failure: "Two magi could trade spells all day and never crown a victor. The real battle is not one of power but of will. If your confidence breaks, so too shall you." / —Venser
Dismantle: "If only the living were so easily salvaged." / —Memnarch
Dismember: "You serve Phyrexia. Your pieces would better serve Phyrexia elsewhere." / —Azax-Azog, the Demon Thane
Dismiss into Dream: "You trust in the shadows of a breeze." / —Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Dismiss: "There is nothing you can do that I cannot simply deny." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Disorder: "Fire hurts them almost as much as the chaos that follows. Almost." / —The Western Paladin
Disorder: "Then, just when the other guys were winnin', the sky threw up." / —Jula, goblin raider
Disorient: "If it has a brain, even a primitive one, we can most surely scramble it." / —Garild, merfolk mage
Disowned Ancestor: Long after death, the spirits of the Disowned continue to seek redemption among their Abzan kin.
Dispatch: Venser wondered if it could still be called a teleportation spell if the destination is oblivion.
Dispel: "Civilization will subsume us unless we overwhelm it instead." / —Speaker Zegana
Dispel: The Jwari winds undo reality as easily as they scatter a pile of leaves.
Dispeller's Capsule: "I find its symmetry pleasing. It rids our world of offensive refuse while disposing of itself." / —Dolomarus, Proctor of the Clean
Dispense Justice: The Accorders never strike first, but they always strike back.
Dispersal Shield: "Maybe next time."
Disperse: Gryffid found his way home and resumed life as best he could, constantly hiding his newfound fear of clouds.
Disperse: Gryffid scowled at the sky. A perfect day for the hunt tainted by clouds. He wished them gone. High above, the clouds looked down, scowled, and made a wish of their own.
Disperse: Most casualties of the power struggle between vedalken and Neurok didn't die on the field of battle; they merely disappeared.
Dispersing Orb: "Like the seas, the Æther is fickle and ever-changing. If we can control one, we can master the other." / —Riptide Project director
Disrupt: Oh, I'm sorry—did I break your concentration?
Disrupt: Teferi wanted no part of Urza's battle plans, but both agreed the Phyrexian portal must be closed.
Disrupting Scepter: "True power is controlling not only the hearts of your subjects, but their minds as well."
Disruption Aura: Vedalken weapons sold to outsiders are as dependable as the vedalken themselves.
Disruptive Pitmage: "Show weakness to hide your strength."
Disruptive Student: "Teferi is a problem student. Always late for class. No appreciation for constructive use of time." / —Barrin, progress report
Dissipate: "If you weren't born with it, you don't need it." / —Grahilah, former trader of Amiqat
Dissipate: "This abomination never belonged in our world. I'm merely setting it free." / —Dierk, geistmage
Dissipation Field: "Strike me once, shame on you. Strike me twice . . . Well, let's just see if you can." / —Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Dissolve: "You thought only the gods could stop you?"
Distant Melody: Oona's song is like a twisted dinner chime. All the faeries return home, but it is Oona who feasts—on the stolen dreams and rumors they serve her.
Distant Memories: "The fleeting shadows of his primitive self have all but vanished." / —Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Distorting Lens: "The Eye altering alters all." / —William Blake, "The Mental Traveller"
Distorting Lens: The magistrate seems to prefer a distorted perspective of reality.
Distorting Wake: Gerrard savored a grim smile as the Phyrexian portals disappeared behind the Weatherlight.
Distress: "Of course I'm sure I've gone mad. The little man who crawled out of my eye was quite clear on this."
Distress: "They say the eyes are the windows to the soul. I like to break windows and take what's inside." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Distress: "Today I asked Master Dosan what the ogre mages did with the humans they sacrificed. He gave me a hard look and said to think no more on the matter." / —Meditation journal of young budoka
Dive Bomber: "Your graves will lie beneath my final nest."
Divebomber Griffin: Justice flies swiftly on angry wings.
Divergent Growth: Nature has forgotten its own rules.
Diversionary Tactics: "It's the oldest trick in the book," said Guff. "And I ought to know—I wrote it."
Divert: "What's the fun of being a wizard if you can't mess with people's heads?"
Divination: "Ask of Keranos that you may understand the stars that mark your destiny. Implore Erebos that you may accept the fate thus divulged."
Divination: "The key to unlocking this puzzle is within you." / —Doriel, mentor of Mistral Isle
Divination: Even the House of Galan, who takes the most scholarly approach to the mystic traditions, has resorted to exploring more primitive methods in Avacyn's absence.
Divine Favor: With an armory of light, even the squire may champion her people.
Divine Light: "Phyrexia is an unforgiving place, and I am an angry lord in an unforgiving mood." / —Lord Windgrace
Divine Offering: "Suq'Ata believe in trade; Femeref, alms; Zhalfirins, steel. Be warned, Kaervek—now we are joined." / —Sidar Jabari
Divine Offering: "The Phyrexians are vulnerable. Do not despair. We will prevail!" / —Juryan, rebel leader
Divine Offering: D'Haren stared at the twisted lump of metal that had been a prized artifact. The fight was getting ugly.
Divine Offering: These tears of pain I weep to the skies, Not bitter drops, but water made divine. Each gem of sorrow slips, no longer mine, But proffered thus to echo other cries.
Divine Presence: "Serra's light isn't easily extinguished." / —Reya Dawnbringer
Divine Reckoning: Survival of the purest.
Divine Retribution: "To the undiscerning eye, justice and vengeance can look the same." / —Rashida Scalebane
Divine Sacrament: Their whispered prayers rally the nomads better than any war cry could.
Divine Transformation: Glory surged through her and radiance surrounded her. All things were possible with the blessing of the Divine.
Divine Verdict: "Guilty."
Divine Verdict: Giants and pit spawn attempted to topple the cathedral's pillars. The fine grit of their remains still swirls in the breeze outside.
Divine Verdict: The last thing to go through the cyclops's mind was a twelve-ton block of marble.
Diviner Spirit: Sentience is its natural habitat.
Diving Griffin: To outrace the griffin / —Kipamu expression meaning / "to do the impossible"
Divinity of Pride: "She spoke of mystery and portent, of such unfathomable things that my mind screamed for pity." / —The Seer's Parables
Dizzying Gaze: "When I cut down my angel I only started my fall." / —Crovax
Djinn of Infinite Deceits: The winds of change have a mind of their own.
Djinn of the Lamp: Once they learn the trick of carrying their own lamps, they never touch the ground again.
Dogged Hunter: The relationship between hunter and hunted knows nothing of alliances.
Dogpile: There is no shelter from this storm, its rain of fists, or the thunderous cackles of bloodlust.
Dolmen Gate: Lorwyn's stones resonate with the place from which they were hewed. Though taken far, still they call to their home when silence is upon the land.
Dominate: "I've come to reclaim what is mine. And you, Greven, are mine." / —Volrath
Domineer: Since they haven't seen their original master for millennia, golems are eager to take orders from anyone.
Dominus of Fealty: "Nothing is truly your own. It is his, whether you know it or not." / —The Seer's Parables
Donate: Campus pranksters initiate new students with the old "beeble bomb" routine.
Doom Blade: The void is without substance but cuts like steel.
Doomed Necromancer: "His sacrifice shall not be forgotten. Now toss his body over there with the others." / —Phage the Untouchable
Doomed Necromancer: Many necromancers share the same last words—the ones that conclude the undeath ritual.
Doomed Traveler: He vowed he would never rest until he reached his destination. He doesn't know how right he was.
Doomgape: It eats and eats until the juiciest morsel it can find is itself.
Doomwake Giant: Crippling fear precedes it. A foul stench accompanies it. Death follows in its wake.
Door to Nothingness: "All memory of your existence will be wiped from reality. You will die, and no one will mourn." / —Memnarch
Door to Nothingness: Only a madman could create such a door. Only an imbecile would open it.
Doorkeeper: One piercing stare usually convinces thieves to go elsewhere.
Doran, the Siege Tower: "Each year that passes rings you inwardly with memory and might. Wield your heart, and the world will tremble."
Dormant Sliver: "It triggers the hive's period of Ætheric fertility—a time when even feeding is a lower priority than reproduction." / —Rukarumel, field journal
Dosan the Falling Leaf: "Each night as Master Dosan prays to the kami, the hate he receives in return withers his body a little more. Though the kami are slowly killing him, still he continues his prayers." / —Meditation journal of a young budoka
Dosan's Oldest Chant: As Dosan's chant grew in volume, a second, deeper voice rose up in harmony behind it, strong enough to shake the earth and yet vibrant enough to fill the spirit.
Double Cleave: "When in doubt, kill 'em twice."
Double Cross: "You're in for a nasty butt-kickin'."
Double Deal: "I'm facing defeat, . . ."
Double Dip: In a duel and taking a lickin' . . .
Double Header: Players that don't read flavor text aren't too bright, sorta smell, and dress funny. But let's just keep this between us, okay? They can get kind of violent.
Double Negative: They feared each other for their differences but were absolutely terrified at their similarities.
Double Play: The wizard exclaimed, "I'm no chicken . . . ."
Double Take: "But next time we meet, . . ."
Doubling Chant: What's scarier than one of every beast in the forest?
Doubling Cube: The cube's surface is pockmarked with jagged runes that seem to shift when unobserved.
Doubtless One: "Share your devotion with me."
Douse in Gloom: Orzhov prisoners are steeped in a blackened brew that robs their souls of strength. Patriarchs drink that brew to extend their own lives.
Douse: The academy's libraries were protected by fire-prevention spells. Even after the disaster, the books were intact—though forever sealed in time.
Downpour: "The sky holds vast oceans. They are at your fingertips if you know how to call them." / —Talrand, sky summoner
Dowsing Shaman: He combs the streets looking for the lost light, the discarded enigmas of the city.
Draconian Cylix: "There is no gain without sacrifice." / —Icatian proverb
Drafna's Restoration: Drafna, founder of the College of Lat-Nam, could create a working model from even the smallest remnants of a newly unearthed artifact.
Drag Down: The barbarians of Jund believe the bottomless tar pits extend forever into other, darker worlds.
Dragon Appeasement: "Look there—they carry that one upon a sedan chair. It must be their leader. Wait . . . Oh! Perhaps not." / —Kaeda, aven scout
Dragon Arch: In their hunger for the arch's power, mages often forget that it only makes dragons easier to summon. It doesn't make them easier to control.
Dragon Blood: A single drop turns skin to scale and fist to claw.
Dragon Blood: Fire in the blood, fire in the belly.
Dragon Egg: Dragon birth lairs are littered with treasure to entice the young from their eggs.
Dragon Engine: "How is it the legged engines seem so much more alive than their wheeled counterparts? Simply, they were born, not made." / —Mishra
Dragon Engine: Those who believed the city of Kroog would never fall to Mishra's forces severely underestimated the might of his war machines.
Dragon Fodder: Goblins journey to the sacrificial peaks in pairs so that the rare survivor might be able to relate the details of the other's grisly demise.
Dragon Hatchling: "Those dragons grow fast. For a while they feed on squirrels and goblins and then suddenly you're missing a mammoth." / —Hurdek, Mazar mammoth trainer
Dragon Mage: "You'll bend to my will—with or without your precious sanity."
Dragon Mask: "With no further options, I was forced to don the mask." / —Rashida Scalebane
Dragon Roost: A powerful mage created the roost to guard a portal between the planes. The mage is long gone, but dragons still keep watch at the gate.
Dragon Roost: Dragons erupt from peaks of chaos and flow from rivers of molten rage.
Dragon Throne of Tarkir: What once soared high above Tarkir is now reduced to a seat.
Dragon Whelp: "O to be a dragon . . . of silkworm size or immense . . ." / —Marianne Moore, "O to Be a Dragon"
Dragon Whelp: "O to be a dragon . . . of silkworm size or immense . . ." —Marianne Moore, "O to Be a Dragon"
Dragon Whelp: Dragon whelps face few threats besides their own enthusiasm.
Dragon's Claw: "If there is a fire that never ceases to burn, it surely lies in the maw of a dragon." / —Sarkhan Vol
Dragon's Claw: Though no longer attached to the hand, it still holds its adversary in its grasp.
Dragon's Herald: The penultimate step of the ritual involves bathing in a delicious glaze.
Dragon-Style Twins: "We are the flicker of the flame and its heat, the two sides of a single blade."
Dragonlair Spider: Swarms thrive in its nest, feeding on leathery bits of discarded wing.
Dragonmaster Outcast: "Cast out by my tribe, I am a pariah trapped in this mammal's carcass. Only my true kin hear my cries."
Dragonscale Boon: "When we were lost and weary, the ainok showed us how to survive. They have earned the right to call themselves Abzan, and to wear the Scale." / —Anafenza, khan of the Abzan
Dragonsoul Knight: The farther he roamed from Jund and its dragons, the more he felt their essence in himself.
Dragonspeaker Shaman: "We speak the dragons' language of flame and rage. They speak our language of fury and honor. Together we shall weave a tale of destruction without equal."
Dragonstalker: "When the skies are filled with flames, the brave shall step forward to quench them." / —Order prophecy
Dragonstorm: Dragons come not in packs or in herds but in storms.
Drain the Well: Trows have learned that it's not wise to eat cinders without a bucket or two of water nearby.
Drainpipe Vermin: When times are tough, the poor eat the rats. When times are tougher, the rats eat the poor.
Drake Familiar: "Falconry? A fine sport I suppose, if you're attracted to the frailty of birds." / —Trivaz, Izzet mage
Drake Hatchling: There is beauty in the space between learning to fly and taking it for granted.
Drake-Skull Cameo: "A strange skull was turned up by an Ephran farmer's plow. I traded a copper ring for the ‘ox skull.' It resonates of the sea and danger." / —Isel, master carver
Drakewing Krasis: Cautious not to repeat Vig's mistakes, the Simic fuse life essences using magic alone. Each result is called a krasis.
Dralnu's Crusade: "Don't you agree that mogg intellects are improved by zombification?" / —Lord Dralnu
Dramatic Entrance: Some things aren't worth waiting for.
Dramatic Rescue: "I never thought I'd be so glad to see two tons of beak and claws bearing down on me at the speed of an arrow." / —Mirela, Azorius hussar
Drana, Kalastria Bloodchief: "If our former masters would have us kneel again, they shall feel our defiance slashed across their membranes."
Drastic Revelation: Every disaster holds mystery, for lack of a sane witness.
Drawn Together: "My Pete Venters theme deck is nearly complete. Then I shall be unstoppable Bwahahahaaa" / —Pete Venters
Dread Cacodemon: Those who hear its roar perish. The lucky ones only feel its fetid breath.
Dread Charge: "As equal were their souls, so equal was their fate." —John Dryden, "Ode to Mrs. Anne Killigrew"
Dread Drone: Each Eldrazi ancient spawned a lineage of horrors in unfathomable shapes.
Dread Return: Those who forget the horrors of the past are doomed to re-meet them.
Dread Slag: A thousand phobias sopped from the city and wrung from Rix Maadi as one.
Dread Slaver: Half a brain rules the mindless.
Dread Specter: Whatever follows life is incurable. / —Zhalfirin aphorism
Dread Statuary: The last reliable landmark in Tazeem just walked away.
Dread Warlock: "I don't know who to pity more: those who flee from my presence or the damned who can withstand it."
Dread of Night: "These moonless, foreign skies keep me in thrall. Dark whispers echo in the night, and I cannot resist." / —Selenia, dark angel
Dreadbore: In Rakdos-controlled neighborhoods, everyone is part of the show.
Dreadwaters: Stray into the Morkrut and it may rise to claim you.
Dreadwing: Dreadwings spring from lofty perches to surprise kathari in midflight. They smother their prey and then consume it as they glide gently toward the ground.
Dream Cache: "The sanctity of poverty is an invention of the rich." / —Starke
Dream Cache: Dreams' riches are easily spent. / —Suq'Ata adage
Dream Chisel: Itself a product of Ixidor's tortured psyche, the chisel brings his darkest dreams to life.
Dream Coat: "Adopt the character of the twisting octopus, which takes on the appearance of the nearby rock. Now follow in this direction, now turn a different hue." —Theognis, Elegies 1, 215
Dream Fighter: Not only the sleeping should fear dreams.
Dream Fracture: "Creation is a paradox. It hatches from its opposite." / —Olka, Mistmeadow witch
Dream Halls: Within without.
Dream Leash: The tendrils of sorcery find easy purchase on the soft underbelly of dreams.
Dream Prowler: "To think that some find sleep a restful state." / —Volrath
Dream Salvage: Awylla tried hard to forget the horrors she had seen, but someone else had developed a keen interest in them.
Dream Stalker: What happens when it is the dream that wakes and the sleeper that fades into memory?
Dream Thief: Awylla's salvaged dreams would finally be put to good use.
Dream Thrush: Whether for good or ill, their arrival always means change.
Dreamborn Muse: "Her voice is insight, piercing and true." / —Ixidor, reality sculptor
Dreamcatcher: "Be careful where your mind wanders. Even in the quietest moments, the kami are listening, and your thoughts give them shape." / —Lady Azami
Dreampod Druid: "Don't mistake my creations for mere vegetation. They are my children, loyal and fierce."
Dreamscape Artist: He's mastered the art of sleight of land.
Dreamspoiler Witches: At night, the faeries steal dreamstuff for their queen. At daybreak, countless creatures wake weak and hollow.
Dreamstone Hedron: Only the Eldrazi mind thinks in the warped paths required to open the hedrons and tap the power within.
Dredge: "I'd strip away the world to see what's under it, but I'd never just leave it to these Phyrexian parasites and their false god." / —Urborg witch
Dreg Reaver: "On our thirty-fourth day of digging, we unearthed a chamber that contained the intact remains of several species long extinct from Grixis. One in particular should make a fine siege engine . . . ." / —Last notes of Shungus Nod, fleshcrafter
Dregs of Sorrow: "We live for a thousand years. The death of even one brings untold sorrow." / —Elvish elder
Dregs of Sorrow: Crovax gazed on the dead, and for one dark moment he saw a banquet.
Dregs of Sorrow: Crovax gazed upon the dead, and for one dark moment he saw a banquet.
Dregscape Zombie: The undead of Grixis are fueled by their hatred of the living.
Drekavac: Like a vulture's scalp, the face of a drekavac is oily and hairless. The filth and disease of its carrion diet slip off its blood-slick skin.
Drelnoch: Adarkar's blank wastes make the mind wander—and stray thoughts are quickly caught and devoured.
Drift of the Dead: "Take their dead, and entomb them in the snow. Risen, they shall serve a new purpose." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Drifter il-Dal: They study the deeds of their traitorous ancestors, hoping the stories may reveal a way back to the physical world.
Drifting Shade: It stalks the fens by the light of the full moon, gathering shadows as it floats among them.
Drill-Skimmer: In close proximity, their magnetic energies merge and form a field of protection.
Drinker of Sorrow: It strikes at your soul, heedless of your prayers.
Dripping Dead: It oozes death from every pore.
Dripping-Tongue Zubera: When the Honden of Life's Web was destroyed, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to ensure mortal defeat.
Driver of the Dead: Some vampires resorted to corpse trading after cathars burned their estates and drove them from their ancestral feeding grounds.
Drogskol Captain: Dead or alive, true leaders can inspire an entire army.
Drogskol Reaver: Wracked and warped with anguish, it obsessively seeks out other souls to hoard within its eternal prison.
Dromad Purebred: "I have seen much from the back of my dromad, most of it terribly wrong. The more I see, the more I am convinced of the rightness of my path." / —Heruj, Selesnya initiate
Dromar's Attendant: "Dromar is the wings of the ur-dragon, sweeping away all opposition."
Dromar's Charm: "Wisdom can be summed up in two rules: Control what you can. Eliminate what you cannot." / —Dromar, the Banisher
Dromosaur: They say dromosaurs are frightened of dogs, even little ones. There are no dogs in Shiv. Not even little ones.
Droning Bureaucrats: " . . . and you must also apply for an application license, file documents 136(iv) and 22-C and -D in triplicate, pay all requisite fees, request a . . ."
Drooling Groodion: "The Golgari expand, yes, but I refuse to call their tainted creations ‘growth.'" / —Niszka, Selesnya evangel
Drooling Groodion: "The Golgari expand, yes, but I refuse to call their tainted creations ‘growth.'" / —Veszka, Selesnya evangel
Drooling Ogre: "Is it the stomping kind or the munching kind?" / —Slobad, goblin tinkerer
Dross Crocodile: "As soon as it surfaced, we could all smell it. Its rancid breath reeked of half-digested carrion and its own rotting innards." / —Dafri, Auriok champion
Dross Crocodile: The necrogen may have taken its sight, but it can still taste the fear of its prey.
Dross Golem: The longer it skulks through the corrosive gases of Mephidross, the more it adopts their thirst for death.
Dross Hopper: Bred in the vicious Mephidross, dross hoppers learned to eat quickly and escape faster.
Dross Prowler: "I would never have believed that on a world with four suns there could exist a place so dark." / —Glissa Sunseeker
Dross Ripper: "Such a creation serves no purpose other than exterminating every one of us." / —Sadra Alic, Neurok strategist
Dross Scorpion: They skitter out of the mists to consume fresh kill before Mephidross has a chance to corrode it away.
Drove of Elves: "The light of beauty protects our journeys through darkness."
Drown in Filth: The rot farmer's first rite of passage is to craft a pair of work stilts.
Drown in Sorrow: "The sad truth is that the whip of Erebos is long enough to wrap around all our throats." / —Perisophia the philosopher
Drowned Rusalka: Lurking below the current, she thirsts until others come to drink.
Drowned: We asked Captain Soll what became of the Serafina, but all he said was, "Ships that go down shouldn't come back up."
Drowner Initiate: Nothing satisfies a merrow as much as drowning what it cannot have.
Drowner of Secrets: Merrows consider themselves the keepers of Lorwyn's past—and consider it their duty to edit when necessary.
Drudge Beetle: The Street Swarm is the labor class that drives the Golgari's endless cycle of life and death.
Drudge Reavers: "The surface of the land is blanched with salt, but the soil beneath is reddened with death—a fertile ground for necromancy." / —Lim-Dûl the Necromancer
Drudge Skeletons: "The dead make good soldiers. They can't disobey orders, never surrender, and don't stop fighting when a random body part falls off." / —Nevinyrral, Necromancer's Handbook
Drudge Skeletons: "The dead make good soldiers. They can't disobey orders, they never surrender, and they don't stop fighting when a random body part falls off." / —Nevinyrral, / Necromancer's Handbook
Drudge Skeletons: "The dead make good soldiers. They can't disobey orders, they never surrender, and they don't stop fighting when a random body part falls off." / —Nevinyrral, Necromancer's Handbook
Drudge Skeletons: Bones scattered around us joined to form misshapen bodies. We struck at them repeatedly—they fell, but soon formed again, with the same mocking look on their faceless skulls.
Druid Lyrist: The druids and the forest are in perfect harmony. They sing the same songs.
Druid of the Anima: Although the Anima herself remains at the Sacellum, her druids roam Naya, collecting mana bonds with every location in the world.
Druid's Call: Suffer the little creatures, for they may yet rise up and beat you senseless.
Druid's Deliverance: "So many oppose us, but we are the reed that bends without breaking."
Drumhunter: "I feel the vine-rhythm as my friends drive the beast to me. I will not miss my mark."
Dry Spell: "My soul thirsts for Serra's salvation, as does my body for life's breath." / —Ihsan's Shade
Dry Spell: "Wherever water is lacking, all things suffer." / —Autumn Willow
Dry Spell: A fist of dust to line your throat, a bowl of sand to fill your belly.
Dryad Arbor: "Touch no tree, break no branch, and speak only the question you wish answered." / —Von Yomm, elder druid, to her initiates
Dryad Militant: "We will defend the Worldsoul from Izzet ‘progress' at any cost."
Dryad Sophisticate: From Tin Street to the Outcast Mansions, she walks unbidden and unbound, her graceful silence never shaken by the riot of city life around her.
Dryad's Caress: "I awoke to the face of beauty, my body fully healed. In that moment I knew my destiny was the Conclave's to shape." / —Rogad, Selesnya initiate
Dryad's Favor: She grants knowledge of the ways to traverse the forest's invisible connections.
Dual Casting: Hours after the Helvault opened, his powers returned twice as strong as before.
Dualcaster Mage: "It has been my experience that disasters like to strike in pairs."
Duct Crawler: "Boss told us to try and train 'em. Trained it to attack—it ate Flugg. Trained it to run fast—it got away. Success!" / —Dlig, goblin spelunker
Duct Crawler: "The mountain's ducts will be like organ pipes, amplifying the glorious roar of the dying." / —Stronghold architect, journal
Due Respect: "A display of humility is required of those who still possess such frailties." / —Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Dueling Grounds: "You think you can stop me?" hissed Tsabo. / "I think I can kill you," replied Gerrard.
Duergar Assailant: Some duergars dismiss the world above as a fable. They react violently when their comfortable illusions are dispelled.
Duergar Cave-Guard: Duergars who grow too large to live in the tunnels are sent topside to defend the entrances from intruders.
Duergar Mine-Captain: Duergars are prodigious workers with long memories. Some still fulfill intricately detailed orders given decades, if not centuries, before.
Duh: Will players understand that the creature is being crushed by two parentheses? / Not a chance.
Dulcet Sirens: What are the orders of a king or the demands of a creed next to such melodies?
Dumb Ass: Envying the intelligence of goblins is a bad place to be.
Dune-Brood Nephilim: When it awoke, it spawned nameless thousands to herald its arrival.
Duneblast: The Abzan turn to this spell only as a last resort, for its inevitable result is what they most dread: to be alone.
Dunerider Outlaw: Tales of the outlaw's cruelty and might grew more embellished with each crime.
Dungeon Shade: A sickness stirs in its eyes, a nightmare born in darkened wails.
Dungrove Elder: All the trees of the forest are his army, and every leaf his shield.
Duress: "Change your mind, or I'll change it for you."
Duress: "Don't worry. I'm not going to deprive you of all your secrets. Just your most precious one." / —Liliana Vess
Duress: "It hurts more if you think about it." / —Hooks, Cabal torturer
Duress: "We decide who is worthy of our works." / —Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Duress: "Your night names inspire me, Dack!"
Durkwood Boars: "And the unclean spirits went out, and entered the swine: and the herd ran violently . . . ." / —Mark 5:13
Durkwood Boars: "And the unclean spirits went out, and entered the swine: and the herd ran violently . . . ." / —The Bible, Mark 5:13
Durkwood Boars: "And the unclean spirits went out, and entered the swine; and the herd ran violently . . . ." —The Bible, Mark 5:13
Durkwood Boars: "And the unclean spirits went out, and entered the swine; and the herd ran violently . . ." —Mark 5:13
Durkwood Tracker: These days, trackers must follow their quarry over years as well as miles.
Dusk Imp: Imps are just intelligent enough to have an understanding of cruelty.
Dusk Imp: It despises humans and squirrels and beasts and dwarves and cephalids . . . well, it despises just about everything.
Dusk Urchins: They spawn from shadow, wreaking chaos until shadow claims them again.
Duskdale Wurm: "Last time, it tore up the Wilt-Leaf, turned Mistmeadow into a mudhole, and made the river jump its banks. On the bright side, we were eating venison for weeks." / —Donal Alloway, cenn of Kinscaer
Duskhunter Bat: The swamps go silent at its approach, but it still hears the heartbeat of the prey within.
Duskmantle, House of Shadow: In a space where there is no room, in a structure that was never built, meets the guild that doesn't exist.
Duskrider Falcon: "Seaborne ships have their dolphins to dance in their wakes; I have my duskriders." / —Sisay, journal
Duskworker: At the setting of each sun, it emerges to clean Mirrodin's floor of the day's carrion.
Dust Corona: "They infiltrated deep into the enemy camp under cover of darkness . . . and dirt." / —Corus, viashino warrior
Dust to Dust: "All this nonsense made by mages / Rusts and crumbles through the ages." / —Aline Corralurn, "Inheritance"
Dust to Dust: "All this nonsense made by mages Rusts and crumbles through the ages." / —Aline Corralurn, "Inheritance"
Dust to Dust: Tervish never noticed that the amulet had vanished. It had disappeared not only from his possession, but from his memory as well.
Dutiful Return: "We have a word for enemies too mutilated for military service: furniture." / —Taigam, Sidisi's Hand
Dutiful Thrull: "They are useful, but there's little satisfaction in supplication that throws itself under your heel." / —Jozica, Orzhov enforcer
Dwarven Armorer: "The few remaining pieces from this period suggest the Dwarves eventually made weapons and armor out of everything, even children's toys." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Dwarven Armory: "Few of us left, now. Confounded Yeti have opened all the vents. We'd best hide here with the weapons." / —Perena Deepcutter, / Dwarven Armorer
Dwarven Berserker: "I may be small, but I can kick your butt."
Dwarven Blastminer: "Life is too short for something like a hunk of rock to get in my way."
Dwarven Bloodboiler: His battle cry unleashes an avalanche of dwarves.
Dwarven Catapult: "Often greatly outnumbered in battle, Dwarves relied on catapults as one means of damaging a large army." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Dwarven Catapult: "Often greatly outnumbered in battle, dwarves relied on catapults as one means of damaging a large army." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Dwarven Demolition Team: Foolishly, Najib retreated to his castle at El-Abar; the next morning he was dead. In just one night, the dwarven forces had reduced the mighty walls to mere rubble.
Dwarven Driller: "Drill the planet, it's no trouble: / Mining granite, making rubble." / —Dwarven drilling song
Dwarven Grunt: Hard as stone and twice as stubborn. / —Dwarven compliment
Dwarven Lieutenant: "Dwarven officers were tireless in battle, moving up and down the lines to rally their troops and boost morale." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Dwarven Miner: "Fetch the pestridder, Paka—we've got dwarves in the rutabagas!" / —Jamul, Femeref farmer
Dwarven Nomad: A dwarf's life belongs as much to the land as to the dwarf. / —Creed of the Stonethrow Clan
Dwarven Patrol: Dwarves never worry about who watches their backs.
Dwarven Pony: "I hear Halina's got a pony that can count to six—and likes to eat meat." / —Chandler
Dwarven Scorcher: Barbarians invented the blaze of glory. Dwarves perfected it.
Dwarven Sea Clan: "No dwarf alive can best one of my crew dead." / —Zeki, Reef Pirate
Dwarven Soldier: "Although the Dwarves staunchly defended their walled city-states against the Orcs, their civilization was the first to fall, and its name was sadly lost." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Dwarven Soldier: "Let no one say we did not fight until the last . . . ." / —Headstone fragment from a mass grave found in the Crimson Peaks
Dwarven Soldier: "Orc must die / Orc must die / Not an orc? / March on by." / —Dwarven marching song
Dwarven Soldier: There is a legend among present-day Dwarves that the Dwarves of Sarpadia will one day return to defend Dwarvenkind against a deadly peril.
Dwarven Strike Force: Any given foothill may hide dozens of dwarves waiting to spill from their tunnels like fire ants.
Dwarven Trader: "Their definition of ‘fair profit' is certainly novel." / —Reveka, Wizard Savant
Dwarven Trader: "They wouldn't sell their own families—at least, not for cheap." / —Zeki, Reef Pirate
Dwarven Vigilantes: Some dwarves can only be pushed so far.
Dwarven Weaponsmith: "Work with zeal as hammers peal! Melt, anneal, and pound the steel!" / —Old Dwarvish forge-chant
Dwell on the Past: None can find what hasn't been lost. / —Nantuko teaching
Dying Wail: This is a world of spiteful wasps that sting and kill even as they die.
Dying Wish: "I wish I could rewrite my every deed and kill you with my first breath instead of my last."
Dynacharge: Nothing evens the odds like a little lightning.
Déjà Vu: History is the study of repetition.
Déjà Vu: The past is a mirror of the future.
Eager Cadet: "Training? Seeing my crops burnt to cinders was all the ‘training' I needed."
Eager Cadet: The enthusiasm of the young, sharpened by the discipline of a soldier.
Eagle of the Watch: "Even from miles away, I could see our eagles circling. That's when I gave the command to pick up the pace. I knew we were needed at home." / —Kanlos, Akroan captain
Early Frost: Under its mists, the earth sleeps.
Early Harvest: "Earth's increase, foison plenty, / Barns and garners never empty: / Vines with clust'ring bunches growing; / Plants with goodly burden bowing." / —William Shakespeare, The Tempest
Early Harvest: "Give it a week and it will feed an army."
Early Harvest: "Tonight we'll eat a farewell feast. Cold corn porridge is not enough. / Let's peel papayas, pineapples, and mangoes, drink coconut milk, / and bake bananas." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Earnest Fellowship: "The world has enough strife as it is. Where would we be if we turned against each other?" / —Pianna, nomad captain
Earsplitting Rats: Rats come in one amount: too many.
Earth Elemental: Earth Elementals have the eternal strength of stone and the endurance of mountains. Primordially connected to the land they inhabit, they take a long-term view of things, scorning the impetuous haste of short-lived mortal creatures.
Earth Elemental: Earth elementals have the eternal strength of stone and the endurance of mountains. Primordially connected to the land they inhabit, they take a long-term view of things, scorning the impetuous haste of short-lived mortal creatures.
Earth Elemental: Its voice has the tremor of deafening thunder, its blow the force of an avalanche.
Earth Servant: "Fire. Air. Water. These elements spread, filling in the spaces they are not. But earth is implacable like a sullen child." / —Jestus Dreya, Of Elements and Eternity
Earth Surge: "Some gardeners sing to plants. I tell them stories—stories of how they once ruled the world, of the mortals who destroyed their kind, and of revenge." / —Bougrat, druid of the Cult of Yore
Earthblighter: "A single dedicated mind can bring about the greatest destruction. That, or goblins—goblins work too."
Earthbrawn: Gremil finally felt in touch with nature—and felt a need to share the experience with others.
Earthcraft: "The land gives up little, but we are masters of persuasion." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Earthlore: "Even the ground is our friend." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Earthquake: They fell screaming into the depths of the chasm like so many pebbles tossed down a well.
Earthshaker: It scaled the Sokenzan Mountains in search of Kumano's secret. The mountain shook for two days, and the kami never returned.
Eastern Paladin: "Their fragile world. Their futile lives. They obstruct the Grand Evolution. In Yawgmoth's name, we shall excise them." / —Oath of the East
Eastern Paladin: "There is no worse enemy. His passion for death doesn't just border on insanity, it wallows in it." / —Southern paladin
Eastern Paladin: "There is no worse enemy. His passion for death doesn't just border on insanity, it wallows in it." / —The Southern Paladin
Eaten by Spiders: After sampling many victims, the spider developed a preference for the undead and their accoutrements.
Eater of Days: When Mirrodin's varied civilizations developed ways to fight the levelers, Memnarch upped the stakes.
Eater of Hope: Gods can be appeased. Demons, however . . .
Eater of the Dead: Even the putrid muscles of the dead can provide strength to those loathsome enough to consume them.
Ebon Dragon: "The dragon wing of night o'erspreads the earth." / —Troilus and Cressida, William Shakespeare
Ebon Drake: The deadliest killers serve only those who are not afraid to die.
Ebony Owl Netsuke: "Owls filled the skies during the Kami War, harbingers of darker times to come." / —The History of Kamigawa
Ebony Rhino: "That Rhino would fetch us a tidy sum, Joven. Perhaps it's time to make it ours." / —Chandler
Ebony Treefolk: Its roots are equally happy to drink the water of a clear stream or the oily blood of a Phyrexian warrior.
Echo Circlet: After the vanishing of the elder generations, the Anvil Tribe developed creative solutions to their personnel shortages.
Echoing Calm: A single light unleashes a hail of cleansing.
Echoing Courage: A single seed unleashes a flurry of growth.
Echoing Decay: A single fear unleashes a torrent of nightmares.
Echoing Ruin: A single misstep unleashes an avalanche of ruin.
Echoing Truth: A single lie unleashes a tide of disbelief.
Edge of Autumn: "At harvest are seeds of next year sown."
Edge of the Divinity: The divinity's patronage confers both wicked grace and graceful wickedness.
Edric, Spymaster of Trest: "I am not at liberty to reveal my sources, but I can assure you, the price on your head is high."
Eerie Procession: "Though in years past speculation was not encouraged about the strange ways of kami, now we must understand their motivations, if such is even possible to the mortal mind." / —Lady Azami
Ego Erasure: When all is taken away, all are equal.
Eidolon of Blossoms: The emotional echoes of dryad gatherings attract lost souls.
Eidolon of Rhetoric: It is the soul of a philosopher who died of starvation contemplating the universe.
Eidolon of the Great Revel: Xenagos reveled while Theros burned.
Eiganjo Castle: Since the war began, the castle's walls mark the only place on Kamigawa where no kami has ever set foot.
Eiganjo Free-Riders: "The air filled with dust and the sound of wingbeats. The mothriders had joined the fray." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Eight-and-a-Half-Tails Avatar: CHK Prize Avatar
Eight-and-a-Half-Tails: "Virtue is an inner light that can prevail in every soul."
Ekundu Cyclops: "Big one I, / One big eye. / One-eye see / Two-eye die!" / —Traditional cyclops chant
Ekundu Griffin: "My goat was a small price to pay for the chance to see the hunting griffin dive and seize it." / —Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Ekundu Griffin: "My goat was a small price to pay for the chance to see the hunting griffin dive and seize it." / —Suq'Ata trader
Eladamri's Call: Tribal rivalries and petty disputes were laid aside at Eladamri's summons.
Eladamri's Vineyard: The mushroom wine made Gerrard's head spin, and his stomach soon followed suit.
Eladamri, Lord of Leaves Avatar: TE Participation Avatar
Eladamri, Lord of Leaves: "We have been patient. We have planned our attack. We are ready . . . now." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Eladamri: Proud, shrewd, and charismatic, Eladamri has a commitment to his people that is absolute. The guerilla war he wages against Volrath has convinced him that the only way to liberate the Skyshroud elves is to lead all Rath's refugees to freedom. So be it.
Elbrus, the Binding Blade: Those who grasp its hilt soon hear the demon's call.
Elder Cathar: "My greatest hope is that you will surpass me in every way, consigning my name to some forgotten corner of history."
Elder Druid: "Did clouds dance in his eyes, / did thorns play at his fingertips?" / —Shesul Fass, faerie band
Elder Druid: "Did clouds dance in his eyes, / did thorns play at his fingertips?" / —Shesul Fass, faerie bard
Elder Druid: "I am older than any Elder Druid before me, and still no child has been born with the Mark to take my place. When will the wheel turn?" / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Elder Druid: "I may seem wise to you, but I'm merely a sapling among mighty oaks."
Elder Land Wurm: Sometimes it's best to let sleeping dragons lie.
Elder Mastery: Taste his power, hunger for his command.
Elder of Laurels: Hopes and prayers can carry the same force as swords and torches.
Elderwood Scion: The Sunbriar druids believe that every life begins in its heart and ends under its hooves.
Eldrazi Conscription: The barest taste of Eldrazi power shatters both realms and identities.
Eldrazi Monument: "Gods don't die. They merely slumber." / —Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Eldrazi Temple: Each temple is a door to a horrible future.
Electrolyze: The Izzet learn something from every lesson they teach.
Electropotence: Where life and force collide.
Electrostatic Bolt: It's hard to avoid electric shock when the entire plane is metallic.
Electryte: Shivan inhabitants are hardened to fire, so their predators have developed alternative weaponry.
Elemental Augury: "It is the changing of perception that is important." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Elemental Augury: "It is the changing of perception that is important." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Elephant Grass: "How have I angered nature that she would imprison me in a labyrinth of grass?" / —Kasib ibn Naji, Letters
Elephant Guide: Nature's strength outlives the strong.
Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite: "The Gitaxians whisper among themselves of other worlds. If they exist, we must bring Phyrexia's magnificence to them."
Elf Replica: It hunts with unnerving ferocity.
Elfhame Palace: Llanowar has seven elfhames, or kingdoms, each with its own ruler. Their palaces are objects of awe, wonder, and envy.
Elfhame Palace: The elfhames are the closest thing to "civilization" the elves allow themselves.
Elgaud Inquisitor: "It will take more than steel alone to purge this world of evil."
Elite Archers: Arrows fletched with the feathers of angels seldom miss their mark.
Elite Archers: They fletch their arrows with the feathers of angels.
Elite Cat Warrior: "Hear that? No? That's a cat warrior."
Elite Inquisitor: "No matter how many I kill, there are always more to hunt. It makes me smile just to think about it."
Elite Javelineer: "Precision is frequently more valuable than force."
Elite Javelineer: "Precision is frequently more valuable than force." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Elite Skirmisher: Some adopted the tactics of the leonin to combat the ferocity of the minotaurs.
Elite Vanguard: The vanguard is skilled at waging war alone. The enemy is often defeated before its reinforcements reach the front.
Elixir of Immortality: "Bottled life. Not as tasty as I'm used to, rather stale, but it has the same effect." / —Baron Sengir
Elixir of Vitality: "Eternal life or your money back." / —Unnamed Suq'Ata merchant, deceased
Elsewhere Flask: One night Oona bottled the sky. The next night she aligned the stars and released it.
Elven Cache: "The elves can hide better than most can look." / —Mwani, Mtenda herder
Elven Cache: Elves know where to harvest the best of the forest, for they planted it themselves.
Elven Cache: Elves know where to harvest the best of the forest, for they planted it there themselves.
Elven Fortress: "Burn it down, you say? Now there's a stupid idea. What do you suppose will become of those overhanging branches, hmmm? And then what do you suppose will become of us?"Ivra Jursdotter
Elven Fortress: "Thallids are not ordinary enemies of flesh and bone and reason. They attack with no thought for our strength or of their own losses. I fear our Fortresses shall be overwhelmed." / —Kyliki of Havenwood
Elven Fortress: "The size of the obvious Fortress walls often misled foes. Actually, the Elves enchanted the forest itself to provide the first line of defense with tangling vines and stinging thorns." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Elven Fortress: Many Elven Fortresses weren't built by masons and carpenters, but created from the living forest itself.
Elven Lyre: Scholars are uncertain whether it was the actual sound or some other magical property of the Elven Lyre that transformed its player.
Elven Lyre: Scholars are uncertain whether it was the actual sound or some other magical property of the elven lyre that transformed its player.
Elven Palisade: "Volrath is not the only one who can shape this world to serve him." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Elven Riders: "Sometimes it is better to be swift of foot than strong of swordarm." / —Elven proverb
Elven Riders: "Sometimes it is better to be swift of foot than strong of swordarm." —Eleven Proverb
Elven Riders: "Wirewood cannot hide great size. Only with speed and skill can we survive here."
Elven Riders: Sometimes it is better to be swift of foot than strong of swordarm. / —Elven proverb
Elven Rite: As the bough stretches, so shall you grow. As the roots spread, so shall you thrive.
Elven Warhounds: "If a creature is dumb enough to love you for leashing it, why would you want to follow its lead?" / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Elves of Deep Shadow: "They are aberrations who have turned on everything we hold sacred. Let them be cast out." / —Ailheen, Speaker of the Council
Elves of Deep Shadow: "They are aberrations who have turned on everything we hold sacred. Let them be cast out." —Ailheen, Speaker of the Council
Elves of Deep Shadow: Cast out of the Conclave generations ago, these elves found a home in the corrupted districts of the Golgari.
Elves of Deep Shadow: They are aberrations who have turned on everything we hold sacred. Let them be cast out." / —Ailheen, Speaker of the Council
Elvish Archdruid: He knows the name of every elf born in the last four centuries. More importantly, they all know his.
Elvish Archers: "I tell you, there was so many arrows flying about you couldn't hardly see the sun. So I says to young Angus, ‘Well, at least now we're fighting in the shade!'"
Elvish Archers: I tell you, there was so many arrows flying about you couldn't hardly see the sun. So I says to young Angus, "Well, at least now we're fighting in the shade!"
Elvish Archers: The archers have a reputation for attacking without warning. They claim that the first arrow is the warning.
Elvish Bard: Helplessly drawn in, the bard's enemies quickly find there's more than song to be found.
Elvish Berserker: Their fury scatters enemies like a pile of dry leaves.
Elvish Branchbender: "How do the vinebred feel? Fah! We do not ask the puppet how it feels when the puppeteer bids it dance."
Elvish Champion: "For what are leaves but countless blades / To fight a countless foe on high." / —Elvish hymn
Elvish Champion: "For what are leaves but countless blades / To fight a countless foe on high." / —Skyshroud hymn
Elvish Champion: "We've endured your slights to Gaea with the grace of tolerance. Now behold the grace of our ferocity."
Elvish Eulogist: "No matter how adept our artistic skill, our effigies can never hope to capture the vibrant beauty of a living elf. Perhaps that is truly why we mourn."
Elvish Guidance: "Old home never forgotten, new home ours forever."
Elvish Handservant: The hardest lesson for any elf to learn is humility. It takes a giant to teach that.
Elvish Healer: "The Kjeldorans keep the Orcs at bay and we train their healers. Most human bargains aren't as fair." / —Laina of the Elvish Council
Elvish Herder: Before Urza and Mishra came to Argoth, the herders prevented their creatures from stampeding. During the war, they encouraged it.
Elvish Hexhunter: "All manner of curses, blights, and luckspoils infect Shadowmoor. We stalk them, one perilous quest at a time."
Elvish House Party: The party was going strong for nearly an hour past midnight—then all of a sudden it just petered out.
Elvish Hunter: "As the climate cooled, many Elves turned to Thallid farming for food, while the Hunters honed their skills on what little game remained." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Elvish Hunter: "As the climate cooled, many elves turned to thallid farming for food, while the hunters honed their skills on what little game remained." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Elvish Hunter: "Elves often tipped their arrows with a drug that caused a deep but harmless sleep." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Elvish Hunter: The Elves never had a standing army; when battle came, they pressed Hunters, Scouts, and Farmers into a surprisingly effective militia.
Elvish Impersonators: "Uh-hunh."
Elvish Lookout: Like a masterful quilter, Yavimaya stitches together patches of color to warn its denizens of threats.
Elvish Lyrist: "Make me thy lyre, even as the forest is: What if my leaves are falling like its own!" - Percy Bysshe Shelley, "Ode to the West Wind"
Elvish Lyrist: Bring the spear of ancient briar; / Bring the torch to light the pyre. / Bring the one who trod our ground; / Bring the spade to dig his mound.
Elvish Lyrist: Each pluck of the strings breaks the hold of the unnatural on the world.
Elvish Lyrist: To an elf, magic and music are the same.
Elvish Mystic: "Life grows everywhere. My kin merely find those places where it grows strongest." / —Nissa Revane
Elvish Pathcutter: In harsh times, the strongest currency is cooperation.
Elvish Pioneer: "Destruction is the work of an afternoon. Creation is the work of a lifetime."
Elvish Pioneer: "Destruction is the work of an afternoon. Creation is the work of a lifetime." / —Kamahl, druid acolyte
Elvish Piper: From Gaea grew the world, and the world was silent. From Gaea grew the world's elves, and the world was silent no more. / —Elvish teaching
Elvish Promenade: The faultless and immaculate castes form the lower tiers of elvish society, with the exquisite caste above them. At the pinnacle is the perfect, a consummate blend of aristocrat and predator.
Elvish Ranger: "How can any Human hope to match our skills? We are children of Fyndhorn, and its sap runs in our veins." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, / Elvish Hunter
Elvish Ranger: "How can any human hope to match our skills? We are children of Fyndhorn, and its sap runs in our veins." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Elvish Ranger: "No one may fault an Elvish Ranger's heart, but the simplest frailty may fell even the proudest warrior." / —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Elvish Ranger: It's up to you if you enter their woods—and up to them if you leave.
Elvish Scout: "Even for Elves, they were stealthy little twerps. They'd taken our measure before we'd even seen them." / —Marshall Volnikov
Elvish Scout: Although the Elves of Havenwood lived in isolated villages, their swift communications allowed them to act as a single community.
Elvish Scout: Even one whose ears were closely tuned to the sounds of Havenwood could miss hearing a Scout move past.
Elvish Scrapper: "The stories tell of a distant time when machines overran the forests, destroying everything that lived. That time will not come again."
Elvish Skysweeper: The spires of Ravnica are no different from the tall trees of other planes. The elves navigate and protect them just the same.
Elvish Soultiller: Mutated elves wondered if this was their final form, or if it was just another step.
Elvish Spirit Guide: "We are never without guidance, if we but seek it." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Elvish Spirit Guide: "We are never without guidance, if we but seek it." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Elvish Vanguard: "Our lives are woven together like the trees' branches over our heads, forming a canopy that protects us all."
Elvish Visionary: "From a tiny sprout, the greatest trees grow and flourish. May the seeds of your mind be equally fruitful."
Elvish Visionary: Before any major undertaking, a Cylian elf seeks the guidance of a visionary to learn the will of the gargantuan ancients.
Elvish Warrior: "My tales of war are the stories most asked for around the fires at night, but they're the ones I care least to tell."
Elvish Warrior: As graceful as a deer leaping a stream and as deadly as the wolf waiting in ambush on the other side, elvish warriors are the eyes of the forest as well as its unsheathed claws.
Emancipation Angel: "You have done your best. I give you leave to rest."
Ember Beast: Spot one ember beast, attack. / Spot a second, best fall back. / —Dwarven saying
Ember Beast: The only livestock that will survive for long in the Smelting District, ember beasts serve many functions—none of them willingly.
Ember Gale: "Terrible wind. It whipped sparks into our skin, then stoked them even hotter!" / —Bowen, Barrenton guardcaptain
Ember Hauler: Flurk's crude goblin language didn't differentiate between "I bring the flame" and "I am the flame."
Ember Shot: Dwarves bring poor coal to market, use good coal in their homes, and throw their best coal away.
Ember Weaver: "Each night, the sun unravels and blows away. Each day, the spiders set a new one in the sky." / —Sunseeder myth
Ember-Fist Zubera: When the Honden of Infinite Rage shattered, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to sow mortal destruction.
Embersmith: The Vulshok see the artificer as a catalyst, bringing the spark of creation that ignites change.
Emberwilde Augur: Legends say a djinn gave the goblins a gift they could never hope to master.
Emberwilde Caliph: The fire breathes while the air burns.
Emberwilde Djinn: A hefty price is no guarantee of quality merchandise.
Emblem of the Warmind: "It takes but one spark to ignite a parched forest. Our hearts, I fear, are too dry for this new visitor." / —Elek Longbeard
Embodiment of Spring: Arel dreamed of winter's end. The next morning she followed a strange trail and found a seedling in the snow.
Embrace My Diabolical Vision: "My vision is for the good of everyone. Mostly me."
Emcee: The ogre appealed the match loss and got it downgraded to a warning.
Emerald Dragonfly: "Flittering, wheeling,/ darting in to strike, and then/ gone just as you blink." / —"Dragonfly Haiku," poet unkown
Emerald Oryx: After the oryx dies, its flesh returns to the earth, but its emerald bones remain as a tribute to the forest.
Emeria Angel: When the earth shudders, the sky overflows.
Emmara Tandris: When Selesnya needed a champion, Emmara put the ranks of her guild before herself—making her the perfect choice.
Emmessi Tome: It is like life and destiny: we think we know the story, but we have read only half the tale.
Emperor Crocodile: The king of Yavimaya's waters pays constant attention to his subjects . . . and thrives on their adulation.
Empress Galina: "Above the waves you may be mighty indeed, but down here you belong to me."
Empty City Ruse: Out of time and options, Kongming was forced to bluff at Xicheng. He tricked an army of 150,000 Wei by leaving the city gates open and calmly playing the zither.
Empty the Catacombs: When the dead are laid to rest in Ravnica, it's usually just a nap.
Empty the Pits: The Sultai would rebuild the empire on the backs of the dead.
Empty the Warrens: "They'd pour out of the warrens to make war (and to make room for the littering matrons)." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Empty-Shrine Kannushi: "Crease the folds, bend the paper, turn the spirits, shield the soul."
Empyrial Archangel: Her wings are the prayers of the devoted; her sword, the despair of the vile.
Empyrial Armor: "An angel appeared in the smoldering skies above the fray, her clothes as flames, her armor as fire." -"Hymn of Angelfire"
Empyrial Armor: "An angel appeared in the smoldering skies above the fray, her clothes as flames, her armor as fire." / —"Hymn of Angelfire"
Emrakul's Hatcher: Wordlessly it leads its abhorrent brood.
Enatu Golem: Golems conjured from the debris of Enatu Temple provided a sturdy but expendable first line of defense against the Eldrazi.
Enchanted Evening: In the reflection, she saw the rough shell of the world sloughing away, revealing the truth shining underneath.
Enchantress's Presence: "The wise learn from successes as well as mistakes."
Encroach: "The rate of spread in this region is unacceptable. Start again." / —Davvol, Evincar of Rath
Encroaching Wastes: Every world is a work in progress, constantly reshaped by time, disasters, and even the powerful magic of Planeswalkers.
Encrust: "Barnacles are the sea's final defense." / —Garild, merfolk mage
Encrust: "The sea blesses the tiny with the power to fell the mighty." / —Talrand, sky summoner
End Hostilities: Her palm flared like the eye of a waking dragon. Then all was calm.
Endangered Armodon: These are its last days. Its doom to be remembered only until the hunters hunger again.
Endbringer's Revel: First death. Then Shauku.
Endless Cockroaches: There is nothing more repulsive than a cockroach—except a cockroach and all its friends.
Endless Ranks of the Dead: With Thraben's army recalled to its city walls, outlying villages were left to fend for themselves.
Endless Scream: "I have made Crovax weep; now I will make him scream. The pain will not end, but will bind him to me." / —Volrath
Endless Whispers: Those who find death under the black sun's shadow cannot escape its pull.
Endless Wurm: Ages ago, a party of elves took cover to let one pass. They're still waiting.
Endure: The Aurora had lessened the kithkins' kindness, deepened their paranoia, and dulled their sense of pain.
Enduring Renewal: That which lasts longest serves best.
Enemy of the Guildpact: Guilds often exterminate those who saw or knew too much. Some vindictive souls retain their knowledge, using it in the afterlife to crush the guilded and the vile bargain that gives them power.
Energizer: Like a kettle set to boil, it must eventually go off—on someone.
Energy Arc: "Relent, and you may transcend your situation." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Energy Bolt: Life and death are two faces of the same coin.
Energy Flux: "Nothing endures but change." / —Heraclitus
Energy Flux: Karn said nothing—he just grasped the powerstone and squeezed tightly. The wild flashing ceased.
Enervate: "Worlds turn in crucial moments of decision. Make your choice." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Enervate: "Worlds turn in crucial moments of decision. Make your choice." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran royal mage
Enervate: "Worlds turn in crucial moments of decision. Make your choice." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran royal mage
Enfeeblement: "If it is weak, either kill it or ignore it. Anything else honors it." / —Kaervek
Enfeeblement: Crovax had witnessed Selenia lead the Predator to the Weatherlight. As the battle raged on deck, he felt his strength melt in the heat of her betrayal.
Engineered Plague: "The admixture of bitterwort in the viral brew has produced most favorable results." / —Phyrexian progress notes
Engineered Plague: A single germ can kill more soldiers than ten thousand blades.
Engulfing Slagwurm: Its teeth exist only for decoration.
Enigma Sphinx Avatar: ARB Prize Avatar
Enlightened Tutor: "I do not teach. I simply reveal." / —Daudi, Femeref tutor
Enlisted Wurm: A match for any army—even its own.
Enormous Baloth: Its diet consists of fruits, plants, small woodland animals, large woodland animals, woodlands, fruit groves, fruit farmers, and small cities.
Enrage: "You wouldn't like me when I'm angry."
Enrage: The barbarians call it "touching the soul of the dragon."
Enraged Revolutionary: When every right is voted away, only rage remains.
Enshrined Memories: "The race is run in the mind before the first step is taken." / —Dosan the Falling Leaf
Enslave: Phyrexia extended its command until there was nothing left to take.
Enslaved Dwarf: Captive dwarves always regain their freedom, either through escape or through a desperate, fiery death.
Enslaved Scout: "Even the basest creatures may serve a purpose. Still, their lives need be only as long as the paths we tread." / —General Varchild
Enslaved Scout: "Her soldiers' hatred for the Goblins is tempered only by their need for what the Goblins alone hold: knowledge of their mountain home." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Ensnare: Rootwater has become as dangerous to its denizens as to its enemies.
Ensnaring Bridge: "I expected a fight, but I didn't expect it from the building itself." / —Gerrard
Ensnaring Bridge: "Why build a bridge that needs to be guarded?" / —Elvish champion
Ensnaring Bridge: Bridges usually get you from one place to another. This one just gets you.
Ensoul Artifact: Too often, some self-described genius comes up with a "labor-saving device" that ends up creating far more work.
Entangler: "Tell me again," said Latulla, raising her fist, "how just one woman held back an entire Keldon platoon."
Entangling Vines: Every living thing has roots in nature. Sometimes nature gets its roots into you.
Enter the Infinite: "Don't just have an idea—have all of them." / —Niv-Mizzet
Entomb: A grave is the safest place to store ill-gotten treasures.
Envelop: "What you made will be unmade. What you learned will be unlearned. And when you're done, you will be undone." / —Ambassador Laquatus
Eon Hub: Its power source is time itself. It absorbs unused minutes and hours, bringing the end of existence always closer.
Ephara's Radiance: "Civilization is the sum of Ephara's gifts." / —Olexa of the Twelve
Ephara's Warden: "When you threaten the sanctity of the polis, you insult Ephara herself. If she doesn't smite you, I will."
Ephemeron: From nothing came teeth.
Epic Proportions: From mite to mighty.
Epic Struggle: "If our foes will not listen to words, perhaps hooves and claws will make them take notice." / —Seton, centaur druid
Epicenter: Sometimes destruction is Dominaria's way of rebuilding. Sometimes it's not.
Epiphany Storm: In Meletis, certain oracles are trained to be divine lightning rods, receiving countless visions in an instant.
Equilibrium: In Rath, there are only so many souls to go around.
Equilibrium: Seek balance in all things—as long as the scales are weighted in your favor. / —Vodalian saying
Erase (Not the Urza's Legacy One): Synonyms for "erase" we haven't used: ablate, abrade, chafe, fray, frazzle, scuff, and scrub.
Erase: "Don't trust your eyes, for mages are skilled in deception. Trust only in your faith. It will wipe everything clean." / —Lila, Erunian priest
Erase: "Truth is hard enough to see, let alone understand. We must remove all distractions to find clarity." / —Zogye, wandering sage
Erase: Perception is more pleasing than truth.
Erdwal Ripper: Savage vampires lurk in the Erdwal's network of passageways where prey is plentiful and easy to catch.
Erhnam Djinn: He provides a safe path to nowhere.
Erithizon: Unlike scorpions, the erithizon isn't immune to its own weaponry.
Eron the Relentless: "Eron would be much less of a hassle if only he were mortal." / —Reyhan, Samite Alchemist
Eron the Relentless: "Eron would be much less of a hassle if only he were mortal." / —Reyhan, Samite alchemist
Errand of Duty: "Call every able sword to our side. Kjeldor will stand triumphant" / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Errand of Duty: "May they speed to their task, for the Skyknights alone cannot hold Kjeldor safe." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skycaptain
Errand of Duty: "May they speed to their task, for the skyknights alone cannot hold Kjeldor safe." / —Arna Kennerüd, skycaptain
Errant Doomsayers: "Heed my words, traveler. Plagues, war, desolation . . . all mere hints of what is yet to come from Dominaria's vault of horrors."
Errant Minion: Abandon not your faith when others abandon you.
Errantry: "There is no shame in solitude. The lone Knight may succeed where a hundred founder." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Errantry: "There is no shame in solitude. The lone knight may succeed where a hundred founder." / —Arna Kennerüd, skyknight
Erratic Portal: "In Barrin's name!" cried Lyna as Hanna's sword passed through her, "Ertai sends word that the portal is open—but not for long!"
Ersatz Gnomes: From jungle to sea, from sea to stone, from stone to field, from field to bone. What am I? —Zhalfirin riddle
Ertai's Trickery: "Don't worry, Gerrard," said Ertai. "I'm sure the crew will come to your rescue as quickly as they came to mine."
Ertai, Wizard Adept: "Was that it?" / —Ertai, wizard adept
Ertai, the Corrupted: Altered by Phyrexian science, corrupted by black mana, and twisted by rage, Ertai still looked in the mirror and saw only glory.
Ertai: After serving his apprenticeship under Barrin of Tolaria, Ertai graced the Weatherlight crew with his presence as the ship's "resident" wizard. He realizes that few recognize his greatness—but then how could they, when they lack his insight and wisdom?
Escape Artist: "Not even my shadow knows where I am."
Escape Routes: "I'll get you to safety—or whatever passes for safety these days." / —Urborg ferry pilot
Escaped Null: Left masterless by Kozilek, it wandered the wilds, raving in its ceaseless hunger.
Esper Battlemage: She can heal the flesh, or exploit its many weaknesses.
Esper Charm: "Thoughts are commodities. Someone will pay a good price for them. Even ones as simplistic as yours . . ." / —Ennor, mentalist
Esper Cormorants: "The smiths of this land must be mad to reach so far and so high for another creature to decorate." / —Cagen Vargan, Jhessian sea scout
Esper Panorama: Esper is an expansive canvas painted by precise, controlling hands.
Esper Sojourners: The wilder the frontier, the greater the need for a controlling hand.
Esper Stormblade: Stormcallers came to appreciate the novelty of Jund's volcanic updrafts.
Esperzoa: The more metal it digests, the more its jelly will fetch on the alchemists' market.
Essence Backlash: "The other guilds will learn the hard way not to interfere with our investigations." / —Bori Andon, Izzet blastseeker
Essence Drain: "Life's essence is a nectar unlike any I tasted when I lived as a mortal." / —Zul Ashur, lich lord
Essence Drain: "The elves are right: Death inevitably leads to life. But the truly powerful don't just experience this cycle. They control it." / —Crovax, ascendant evincar
Essence Drain: Mephidross claims all life within it. What cannot be twisted is absorbed.
Essence Feed: Eldrazi grow wherever something else dies.
Essence Filter: "Freyalise has cleansed our bodies and minds of the plagues of Kjeldor; all she asks in return is that we keep pure our newly given home in Fyndhorn." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Essence Filter: "Freyalise has cleansed our bodies and minds of the plagues of Kjeldor; all she asks in return is that we keep pure our newly given home in Fyndhorn." / —Kolbjörn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Essence Flare: Never underestimate the power of the soul unleashed.
Essence Fracture: "Shaping reality is simply a matter of knowing where to apply pressure." / —Ixidor, reality sculptor
Essence Harvest: Captain Lewenheart uncovered evidence of a demon cult among the clergy. The Skirsdag never gave him a chance to prove his case.
Essence Leak: "We define the boundaries of reality; they don't define us." / —Teferi
Essence Scatter: "What you attempt to pull from the Æther, I can spread onto the wind." / —Jace Beleren
Essence Scatter: Some wizards compete not to summon the most interesting creatures, but to create the most interesting aftereffects when a summons goes awry.
Essence Sliver: The slivers would survive, even at the expense of every other creature on Otaria.
Essence Vortex: Masters who sacrifice for servants will receive the gift of loyalty.
Essence Warden: "The more our numbers grow, the more I gain hope that Volrath and his cursed stronghold will one day fall." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Essence of the Wild: Wander too far into the wild and it may take you for its own.
Etched Champion: Its predecessors were etched with the wisdom of ancients; its own etchings bear warnings of a future fraught with war.
Etched Monstrosity: Now etched only with the scars of phyresis.
Etched Oracle Avatar: 5DN Participation Avatar
Eternal Warrior: Warriors of the Tsunami-nito School spend years in training to master the way of effortless effort.
Eternal Witness: Gaea needs no book to record every act.
Eternal Witness: She remembers every word spoken, from the hero's oath to the baby's cry.
Ether Well: "Whoa—my tail will never fit through that hole!"
Ethercaste Knight: "We coat ourselves in steel every day. What is etherium but the next logical step?"
Ethereal Armor: Metal is scarce, smiths are pricey, and plate mail is heavy.
Ethereal Champion: "If I have learned anything as a wizard it is this: never fight your own battles." / —Waffa, sorcerer of Nyomba
Ethereal Haze: "Imagine a dove flying through smoke. Does the dove injure the smoke? Does the smoke impede the dove?" / —Teachings of Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Ethereal Whiskergill: Fallowsages debate whether the whiskergill is native to the Dark Meanders or merely dreamstuff made real.
Etherium Abomination: It was given life by the etherium of a hundred slain Esperites.
Etherium Astrolabe: "Speculation is foolish when the tools of certainty are available." / —Cinna, vedalken consul
Etherium Sculptor: The greatest masters of the craft abandon tools altogether, shaping metal with hand and mind alone.
Ethersworn Adjudicator: Esper mages devised their weapons to be so devastating that war seemed unnecessary.
Ethersworn Canonist: "The noble work of our order is to infuse all life on Esper with etherium. Our goal will be reached more rapidly if new life is . . . suppressed."
Ethersworn Shieldmage: "See, children of metal? Already your bodies are rejecting harm. Continue on our path, and perfection will be yours."
Etherwrought Page: An unbound page is a riddle, free of cover and of context, a favorite token of the hegemon.
Eunuchs' Intrigues: Taking control of powerful court positions one by one, eunuchs eventually brought on the fall of the Han dynasty, leading to the chaos of the Three Kingdoms.
Evacuation: "How many people can you save in that thing?" / "All of them," replied the mage with a smile.
Evacuation: "Once I supply the breeze, you'll see your warriors for the smoke they truly are." / —Alexi, zephyr mage
Evacuation: The first step of every exodus is from the blood and the fire onto the trail.
Evacuation: Which is more unsettling: the roar of battle or the silence that follows?
Evanescent Intellect: The mind is a vessel that may be emptied like any other.
Evaporate: "The body is a temple with a foundation of sand." / —Autumn Willow
Evasive Action: Effective use of terrain is a lesson good commanders learn quickly.
Even the Odds: "They who fall singing the battle hymn of Benalia go not unavenged." / —Adom Capashen, Benalish commander
Everbark Shaman: "May you rise again, from seed to sapling to sentience."
Everlasting Torment: When night fell, the plane itself was scarred.
Every Hope Shall Vanish: "Oh, I think I will get away with this."
Every Last Vestige Shall Rot: "May bloodberries grow from your remains."
Evil Comes to Fruition: "The plants justify the means."
Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore: "The highway of fear is the shortest route to defeat."
Evil Eye of Orms-by-Gore: The highway of fear is the shortest route to defeat.
Evil Eye of Urborg: "Edahlis, what is that thing? We should have stayed in Yavimaya . . . ." —Aznaph, greenseeker
Evil Presence: "The Accorders would lament the transformation of their cherished lands, had they lived to see it." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Evil Presents: 'Tis better to give than to receive.
Evil Twin: You can always tell the evil one by the dagger he's sticking in you.
Eviscerator: It roamed the time bubble like a captured animal. Kerrick knew he must soon find a way to unleash it on Tolaria or destroy it.
Evolution Vat: The vats are self-contained worlds, bubbling and churning with unnatural speed, boiling down eons of change into moments.
Evolving Wilds: "Our world is vast, but Thraben is its heart. The cathedral must stand even if the hinterlands are lost." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Evolving Wilds: Every world is an organism, able to grow new lands. Some just do it faster than others.
Evolving Wilds: Without the interfering hands of civilization, nature will always shape itself to its own needs.
Exalted Angel: "She is a theme of honor and reknown, ...Whose present courage may beat down our foes." / —William Shakespeare, Troilus and Cressida
Exalted Dragon: If dragons excel at anything more than vanity, it is greed.
Excavation: "There are secrets out there begging to be rediscovered. We just need to look in the right places." / —Teferi, planeswalker
Excise: "Creation is no great feat. Anything you make, I can unmake in a heartbeat." / —Alexi, zephyr mage
Exclude: "I don't have time for you right now." / —Teferi
Exclusion Ritual: "Your desires have become our discretion." / —Izathel, priest of the Annex
Excommunicate: "Our law prohibits capital punishment. We believe even the gravest offenders have the chance to redeem themselves." / —Torian Sha, soul warden
Excommunicate: Rebels and other malcontents forced into the ritual awake lost in Topa's vast savannahs. Those who find their way back return humble and repentant.
Excoriate: The demon had flown past the reach of Erebos's whip but not the point of the sun god's spear.
Excruciator: "Though used as a piercing weapon, the tusk is more akin to a stinger, spreading pain instantly throughout the body of its victim. This specimen deserves further study." / —Simic research notes
Execute: "Any fool who would die for honor is better off dead." / —Cabal Patriarch
Executioner's Capsule: There is always a moment of trepidation before opening a message capsule, for fear of the judgment that might be contained within.
Executioner's Swing: "The contract specified an appendage for a missed payment. Read the fine print: the head is an appendage."
Exhaustion: Starving and worn, Cao Cao escaped from the battle of Red Cliffs with only 27 of his original 800,000 men.
Exhaustion: The mage felt as though he'd been in the stasis suit for days. Upon his return, he found it was months.
Exhaustion: Tired doesn't even begin to cover it.
Exhume: "Death—an outmoded concept. We sleep, and we change." / —Sitrik, birth priest
Exiled Boggart: Among the boggarts, there is only one real rule: all new treasures and experiences must be shared. Those who hoard their gifts commit the one truly unforgivable sin.
Exiled Doomsayer: He's desperate to hold back the future because he has seen it.
Exorcist: Though they often bore little greater charm than the demons they battled, exorcists were always welcome in Scarwood.
Exoskeletal Armor: "We use only what we need—but in times of strife, our need becomes great." / —Centaur warrior
Exotic Curse: Fouler than a necromancer's kiss. / —Jamuraan expression
Exotic Disease: "Do not fear death. I shall release you from the eternal bonds and bring you glory." / —Lord Dralnu
Exotic Orchard: "It was a strange morning. When we awoke, we found our trees transformed. We didn't know whether to water them or polish them." / —Pulan, Bant orchardist
Expedition Map: "I use maps to find out where explorers have already been. Then I go the other way." / —Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
Expendable Troops: No doubt in their minds, no fear in their hearts.
Experiment Kraj: "Of course it will grow beyond control—it was designed to choose its own evolution." / —Momir Vig
Exploding Borders: Reuniting a world is not a gentle process.
Exploration: "Only when we journey into the unknown can we find the impossible." / —Cyrul the Wanderer
Exploration: The first explorers found Argoth a storehouse of natural wealth—towering forests grown over rich veins of ore.
Explore: An explorer's reward is a view of tomorrow's possibilities.
Explosive Impact: "Such boorish noise is what passes for subtlety among the Boros." / —Vraska
Explosive Vegetation: Torching Krosa would be pointless. It grows faster than it burns.
Exquisite Blood: Even as humans regained the upper hand, some still willingly traded their lives for a chance at immortality.
Exsanguinate: Vampires don't consider patience a virtue nor gluttony a sin.
Extinction: "I once had an entire race killed just to listen to the rattling of their dried bones as I waded through them." / —Volrath
Extinguish All Hope: Phenax offers the hope of life, while Pharika grants the solace of death. Between them stands Erebos, who promises nothing but eternity.
Extortion: The enforcers make no effort to distinguish gold from flesh.
Extra Arms: "Perhaps extra heads would have served them better." / —Foothill guide
Extract from Darkness: If you want to wreak havoc above, sometimes it's best to look below.
Extract: To say Nixar had a splitting headache would be a bit of an understatement.
Extravagant Spirit: The fewer your possessions, the fewer your worries.
Extruder: As the invasion drew closer, Urza's means began to resemble Phyrexia's end.
Exuberant Firestoker: The artistry of Etlan's firedancers is more spectacular when behemoths join in.
Eye Gouge: One chance. One throw. One perfect hit.
Eye of Nowhere: "Once we prayed to the kaijin for safe voyage. Now we only pray that we can escape their gaze." / —Hayato, master sailor
Eye of Ramos: Ramos wept, and there were seas.
Eye of Ugin: An eye closes. A race awakens.
Eye to Eye: True, Gargox had blinded himself for life, but the glass eyes never lost.
Eyeblight's Ending: "Those without beauty are Lorwyn's greatest tumor. The winnowers have an unpleasant duty, but a necessary one." / —Eidren, perfect of Lys Alana
Eyes in the Skies: "What root and branch cannot reach, our winged friends will attend to." / —Zunak, Selesnya strategist
Eyes of the Wisent: Calm as a wisent's watch / —Elvish expression meaning "safe"
Ezuri's Brigade: Riding ravenous, ever-growing vorracs is almost as dangerous as fitting them with saddles.
Ezuri, Renegade Leader: The infamous Ezuri commands the highest bounty the vedalken have ever placed upon an outlaw.
Fa'adiyah Seer: "My visions don't show me home. They show me where home is yet to be found."
Fable of Wolf and Owl: The forest grew fangs. The sky spread its wings.
Fabled Hero: "You. Poet. Be sure to write this down."
Fabricate: "I'm one masterpiece away from ruling this pathetic world." / —Saldrath, master artificer
Fabricate: "The secret to invention is to see something in your mind, then find where it hides in the world."
Face of Fear: "It's only frightened five people to death. Not my best work." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Face to Face: Befuddled by this new game, Argg longed for the days of Rock, Rock, Rock.
Faces of the Past: The ties that bind can also strangle.
Facevaulter: Boggarts get so excited when they find something new to smash that they really don't notice who gets underfoot.
Fact or Fiction: "Try to pretend like you understand what's important."
Fade Away: "Consider the fable of the greedy herder. As her flock grew, so did her weariness; she slept, and the sheep wandered off." / —Karn, silver golem
Fade from Memory: Proper burial is a luxury Otarians can no longer afford.
Fade into Antiquity: "Are the gods angry at our discontent with what they give us, or jealous that we made a thing they cannot?" / —Kleon the Iron-Booted
Faerie Impostor: Many Tin Street shops display a sign on the door: "No cloaks allowed."
Faerie Invaders: Small enough to penetrate the narrowest crack in a castle wall and numerous enough to hack apart a griffin.
Faerie Macabre: The line between dream and death is gauzy and fragile. She leads those too near it from one side to the other.
Faerie Noble: "Faeries talk all in riddles and tricky bits, ‘cept the Nobles. Now, there's some straight talkers." / —Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Faerie Swarm: Untouched by the Aurora, Oona's faeries greeted the night like any other day.
Faerie Tauntings: Beneath the fae's constant pranks runs a subtler undercurrent of mockery: the influence of Oona, their hidden queen.
Faerie Trickery: The fae are so quick and their life spans so short that it's difficult to get retribution for their pranks.
Faith Healer: The power of faith is quiet. It is the leaf unmoved by the hurricane.
Faith's Reward: "I thought the wind was ushering me to my final destination, but it lifted me to my feet and I fought on." / —Idrus, war priest of Thune
Faithless Looting: "Avacyn has abandoned us! We have nothing left except what we can take!"
Falkenrath Aristocrat: "Your blood is quite pleasing. A pity there's not enough for both of us."
Falkenrath Marauders: No slinking in the dark for them, no luring whispers. They claim their prey in the speed and glory of the hunt.
Falkenrath Noble: "I often think on how excited they must feel to be chosen as my prey."
Falkenrath Torturer: "There was a time when our cages rang with wailing. Now only a handful of these whimpering fools remain."
Fall of the Gavel: "My ruling is final. Order is upheld. Justice is done."
Fall of the Hammer: It is unwise to insult the god of the forge. It is also unwise to stand near anyone else who has insulted him.
Fallen Angel Avatar: 2004 Holiday Event Participation Avatar
Fallen Angel: "Angels are simply extensions of truth upon the fabric of life—and there is far more dark than light." / —Baron Sengir
Fallen Angel: "Angels are simply extensions of truth upon the fabric of life—and there is far more dark than light." —Baron Sengir
Fallen Angel: "Why do you weep for the dead? I rejoice, for they have died for me."
Fallen Angel: "Why do you weep for the dead? I rejoice, for they have died for me." / —Fallen angel, to Serra
Fallen Askari: In troubled times, there are few greater sorrows than a wayward savior.
Fallen Cleric: The most terrifying zombies are those with just a hint of their old selves left.
Fallow Earth: ". . . and when the farmer awoke the next morning, all the seeds from his field were once again in their sacks." / —Afari, Tales
Fallow Wurm: The wurm's wake / —Elvish expression meaning / "ruined crops"
Fallowsage: Memories of ages past are said to swim the minds of lounging fallowsages.
False Cure: "I do unto others as others have done unto me." / —Phage the Untouchable
False Defeat: "All warfare is based on deception." / —Sun Tzu, Art of War (trans. Giles)
False Demise: "Far too many of our missing ‘dead' seem to be turning up in Varchild's ranks" / —King Darien of Kjeldor
False Demise: "Fool Never believe they're dead until you see the body" / —General Varchild
False Demise: "Go down there and fish him out. Maybe his hide will fetch a price."
False Memories: "My enemies will forget everything but their anguish." / —Ambassador Laquatus
False Mourning: Zhou Yu, Sun Ce, and other famous generals feigned their deaths in order to later surprise their opponents.
False Peace: Mutual consent is not required for war.
False Prophet: "You lived for Serra's love. Will you not die for it?"
Falter: Like a sleeping dragon, Shiv stirs and groans at times.
Familiar Ground: "I'd rather fight on foreign soil. That way, if I lose I can blame it on the terrain." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Familiar Ground: More than any other battlefield, the forest gives the advantage to those who know it best.
Familiar's Ruse: Because of their capricious nature, faeries can serve as living lenses for disruptive magic.
Famine: "Better to starve to death than be bored to death." / —Liliana Vess
Famine: "But it was a year of dearth. People were reduced to eating leaves of jujube trees. Corpses were seen everywhere in the countryside."
Famished Ghoul: Memories have distinct tastes. Its favorites are the sickly sweetness of lost love and the bitter smokiness of cruel murder.
Fanatical Devotion: The Oracle told Eladamri he would save his people by abandoning them. His followers adopted that ideal.
Fanatical Fever: "Let go your fury, and hone your anger. Become the fist of Freyalise!" / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Fang Skulkin: "Everything falls apart. But living things fall apart in the most fascinating ways." / —Mowagh the Gwyllion
Fangren Firstborn: In the Tangle, bad is often followed by worse.
Fangren Hunter: Big ones hunt the elves, so the elves hunt the small ones to keep them from getting big.
Fangren Marauder: "The fangren fight without comfort of any kind. We can ask no less of ourselves." / —Tilien, Sylvok partisan
Fangren Pathcutter: "Tracking a fangren pack is easy. Catching up to one is fatal." / —Viridian scout
Farbog Boneflinger: "Here are some bones for you to choke on, dear brother!" / —Gisa, to Geralf
Farbog Explorer: "I'd slog through a thousand swamps to help one soul find rest."
Farhaven Elf: "Verdant bloom does exist. It merely hides for its own safety."
Farrel's Zealot: After the fall of Trokair, Farrel and his followers formally broke their ties with the rest of Icatia.
Farrel's Zealot: Farrel and his followers became a formidable band of vigilantes, battling Icatians and followers of Tourach.
Farrel's Zealot: Farrel, a former priest, believed Icatia was far too complacent toward the Order of the Ebon Hand.
Farrelite Priest: Although their methods were often brutal, Farrel's followers believed in the preservation of justice and virtue.
Farseek: "How truly vast this city must be, that I have traveled so far and seen so much, yet never once found the place where the buildings fail."
Farsight Mask: It turns the adversity of the moment into the knowledge of a lifetime.
Fascist Art Director: Dear Mr. and Mrs. Cranford, / After careful analysis of Jeremy's vocational testing, I feel that he is best suited for a career in either torture or art direction.
Fat Ass: Our lawyers say no matter how funny it would be, we can't encourage players to eat the cards. Hear that? Whatever you do, don't eat the delicious cards.
Fatal Blow: "What is crueler? To let a wound of the heart fester, or to simply cut it out?" / —Crovax
Fatal Frenzy: "I hope to have such a death—lying in triumph upon the broken bodies of those who slew me." / —Radha, Keldon warlord
Fatal Fumes: Travelers in the undercity dread the horrors and assassins of the Dimir, but nearly as many die from more mundane hazards.
Fatal Lore: "All knowledge has its price." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Fatal Mutation: "You wear that shell as a mask. Now it's your coffin." / —Cabal cleric
Fate Foretold: The tale of her life was already written, but that didn't mean she could predict the ending.
Fate Transfer: "The cinders find strength in suffering, the elves in beauty. But if you make an elf suffer, he gets weaker. I wonder what happens if you make a cinder beautiful?" / —Hrugash, leech bonder
Fate Unraveler: "Never forget that the life you've built can be undone by a single loose thread." / —Perisophia the philosopher
Fatespinner: No one knows what she is watching, but she never takes her eyes off it.
Fatigue: "Mind if I just lie down right here for a few weeks?"
Fault Line: We live on the serpent's back. / —Viashino saying
Fault Riders: They turn geological upheaval into tactical advantage.
Fauna Shaman: She wears the talismans of every creature she can evoke.
Favor of the Mighty: "What does a mountain fear of a fly? Giants are barely aware of us, let alone afraid." / —Gaddock Teeg
Favor of the Overbeing: Enlightenment is the mundane seen from the vantage point of the divine.
Favor of the Woods: Feeling abandoned by Avacyn, some Kessigers turned to the pagan rituals of their ancestors.
Favorable Winds: Long thought to be extinct, flocks of gryffs reappeared with Avacyn's return.
Fear: "Booga booga booga"
Fear: "Don't fear the darkness. Fear what it hides." / —Remin, venerable monk
Fear: "Even the bravest of warriors yet knows the dark clutch of fright upon his stalwart heart." / —Lim-Dûl the Necromancer
Fear: "Even the bravest of warriors yet knows the dark clutch of fright upon his stalwart heart." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Fear: "The horror The horror" / —Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness
Fearsome Temper: Purphoros is god of creation and destruction, which makes him the most creatively destructive god in the pantheon.
Feast of Blood: "The vampires of this world don't know the pleasures of hunger. They gorge themselves without savoring the kill." / —Sorin Markov
Feast of Blood: Imbued in the Ancient Fang were spells far darker than any Dack Fayden would cast.
Feast of Dreams: "We gave the gods the power to war against us. It is time we took that power back."
Feast of Flesh: "Starving an army that feeds on its enemies is a sound strategy." / —Garza Zol, plague queen
Feast of Worms: "The dust beneath our feet was once part of a mighty civilization. Shall we too provide the path for a future generation?" / —Sensei Golden-Tail
Feast of the Unicorn: "Could there be a fouler act? No doubt the Baron knows of one." / —Autumn Willow
Feast of the Unicorn: "Could there be a fouler act? No doubt the baron knows of one." / —Autumn Willow
Feast of the Unicorn: "Some delicacies are not to be savored, save by the callous." / —Baron Sengir
Feast on the Fallen: "As our numbers dwindle, the ranks of the dead grow ever stronger." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Feast or Famine: "The living cannot understand the benefits of death." / —Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Feast or Famine: "We are not yet free of Lim-Dûl's terrors." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Feast or Famine: "We are not yet free of Lim-Dûl's terrors." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran priest
Feat of Resistance: Dragons are extinct on Tarkir, but Abzan magic still emulates their endurance.
Fecundity: Life is eternal. A lifetime is ephemeral.
Feebleness: Just a small touch of magic can harness the debilitating power of Urborg's poisonous winds.
Feed the Clan: The Temur believe three things only are needed in life: a hot fire, a full belly, and a strong companion.
Feed the Machine: "Even you have a purpose. Your blood will oil the gears."
Feedback Bolt: The path of least resistance is often through your enemies.
Feeding Frenzy: It wasn't as much a strategy as a dim instinct to drown their prey.
Feeling of Dread: People only say "I'm sure it was nothing" when they're sure it was something.
Feldon of the Third Path: "She will come back to me."
Feldon's Cane: Feldon found the first of these canes frozen in the Ronom Glacier.
Felhide Brawler: Burial rites among the Felhide minotaurs involve devouring those who fell in battle, to remove their shame from memory and to fuel the survivors' revenge.
Felhide Minotaur: With spear held high, the Champion came to meet Thyrogog of the Ashlands, who wore the old king's skin as a cloak and fed on the flesh of innocents. The foul minotaur raised the great axe called Goremaster and charged. / —The Theriad
Felhide Petrifier: It's common practice among minotaurs to collect the heads of their victims as trophies. Sometimes the trophies prove more than ornamental.
Felidar Sovereign: "If survival is a game, I've seen the winner." / —Hazir, Sejiri cartographer
Fell the Mighty: "They had it coming." / —Squire Imalia, savior of Thiswick
Fellwar Stone: "What do you have that I cannot obtain?" / —Mairsil, called the Pretender
Fellwar Stone: "What do you have that I cannot obtain?" / —Mairsil, the Pretender
Fellwar Stone: Throw stones, and throw away the world. / —Dwarven proverb
Femeref Archers: "Bet you can't put it through the eye." / "Left or right?"
Femeref Archers: "They say a Zhalfirin archer can split the eye of a griffin. Nonsense, of course: they have no faith to guide their darts." / —Nuru, Femeref archer
Femeref Archers: "They say a Zhalfirin archer can split the eye of a griffin. Nonsense, of course; they have no faith to guide their darts." / —Nuru, Femeref archer
Femeref Enchantress: "Then she spread a fine dust over the land, like a butterfly shaking its wing." / —"The Enchantress," Femeref tale
Femeref Healer: "Faith is my shield, and hope is my armor; I am vulnerable only to myself." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Femeref Knight: "I will return / with lizard skins for your sandals. Paint your eyes black and wait for me." —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Femeref Scouts: "The days before the war were filled with strange portents: scouts and herders spoke of villages reduced to ash, of farmers taken from their fields, and of foul beasts roaming the plains in packs. I know, for I spoke to them all." / —Hakim, Loreweaver
Fen Stalker: As silent as a shadow, and just as hard to flee.
Fencer Clique: You may as well try to swat a faerie / —Flamekin expression meaning / "that's impossible"
Fencer's Magemark: "The first blow is the most important. It often negates the need for a second." / —Agrus Kos
Fencing Ace: His prowess gives the guildless hope that they can hold out against tyranny.
Fend Off: The best defense is to not get hit.
Fendeep Summoner: "What is drowned is not forgotten. I will fulfill my oath. Come back to me, my brethren, as I have come back for you."
Feral Animist: "Channeling the rage of the beast is the easy part. Explaining why you woke up with no memory in a pile of mangled lawmages—that's trickier."
Feral Animist: He chanted over a pot of boiling blood and honey. His brain buzzed like a nest of hornets, and his muscles rippled with the might of the bear.
Feral Contest: The instinct for survival makes enemies of all.
Feral Hydra: It shreds its prey as each head fights for the choicest bits.
Feral Incarnation: Nature is itself wild—in all its forms.
Feral Instinct: "If a rhino's head is lower than its shoulders, trust me—it is not praying." / —Mwani, Mtenda herder
Feral Invocation: Nylea's sacred lynx guards those who honor the Nessian Wood and hunts those who don't.
Feral Lightning: They moved like apes, but a thousand times swifter, prying into every corner, leaving pawprints of ash.
Feral Ridgewolf: "The wolves no longer hunt just to feed. They kill for sport, or for some madness behind their eyes." / —Elmut, crossway watcher
Feral Shadow: "The night stalkers are such a minor power in Urborg. Their sad eagerness to elevate themselves makes them willing tools in the plundering of little Femeref." / —Kaervek
Feral Shadow: "The nightstalkers are such a minor power in Urborg. Their sad eagerness to elevate themselves makes them willing tools in the plundering of little Femeref." / —Kaervek
Feral Shadow: Not all shadows are cast by light—some are cast by darkness.
Feral Thallid: "Born and bred of fungus, Thallids were nearly impossible to kill." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Feral Thallid: "Born and bred of fungus, thallids were nearly impossible to kill." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Ferocity: "You lot go on ahead. I'll keep killing them until it sticks." / —Tahngarth
Feroz's Ban: "Without the protection of Feroz's Ban, I fear the Homelands are lost." / —Daria
Feroz's Ban: Feroz is gone, but what remains is his final gift to his people: the right to be left alone.
Ferrovore: The Vulshok use its digestion to break down the most obstinate metals, from darksteel myr to seastrider plates.
Fertile Ground: "The love of nature . . . is a furious, burning, physical greed. . . ." / —Mary Webb, The House in Dormer Forest
Fertile Ground: As Phyrexians descended, Multani paused to reflect on the beauty that might never be seen again.
Fertile Ground: Pretty, valuable, and delicious—a boggart thief's trifecta.
Fertile Ground: The forest was too lush for the brothers to despoil—almost.
Fervent Cathar: "I'll put my sword down only to die. And I don't plan on doing that today."
Fervent Charge: Crovax was nearly buried beneath the weight of his opponents.
Fervent Denial: "Your tenacity is admirable. And futile." / —Emperor Aboshan
Fervor: "If your blood doesn't run hot, I will make it run in the sands!" / —Maraxus of Keld
Fervor: "We won't sit like lazy gob-slugs waiting for death to come to us. We'll bring death, shiny sharp, to our enemies." / —Krenko, mob boss
Fervor: The intensity of their glare was soon surpassed by the intensity of their attack.
Festercreep: A single festercreep isn't alone. It's already an infestation.
Festergloom: The death of a scout can be as informative as a safe return.
Festerhide Boar: "Bury your dead deep. The boars are hungriest while the corpse is still warm." / —Paulin, trapper of Somberwald
Festering Goblin: In life, it was a fetid, disease-ridden thing. In death, not much changed.
Festering Newt: Its back bubbles like a witch's cauldron, and it smells just as vile.
Festival of Trokin: Everyone loves a good sale.
Festival of the Guildpact: Everyone knows that violence at the Festival brings the worst of luck, so for at least one day a year arms are laid down in favor of brimming goblets.
Festival: Only after the townsfolk had drawn us into their merry celebration did we discover that their holiday rituals held a deeper purpose.
Fetid Heath: "Do not linger in such places, child. There the gwyllions dance. If they find you, you will join in their revels for eternity." / —Talara, elvish safewright
Fetid Horror: "Of the six who went down the Uuserek Trail to scout ahead, one returned. She clawed at her eyes and nostrils and sobbed with horror. I was curious about what she saw, but we chose another path." / —Scout Ekemet, final journal
Fettergeist: The choices of the living will tether them in death.
Feudkiller's Verdict: "There are all kinds of strengths, but if you have strength of soul, the others will follow." / —Galanda Feudkiller
Fevered Convulsions: "Tell me again why you failed to capture Gerrard, you worthless pile of spine." / —Volrath, to Greven
Fevered Strength: "The burst of strength brought on by this plague should not be mistaken for a sign of renewed health." / —Kolbjörn, High Honored Druid
Fevered Strength: "The fever clouds the mind as it energizes the body. Both will pass in time." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Fickle Efreet: Flame chooses its own course.
Fiddlehead Kami: "Like a riddle, it unwinds. / Like a green wind, it reaches out. / Like a sudden guilt, it seizes." / —Snow Fur, kitsune poet
Field Marshal: He is the only one who sees the patterns in the overlapping maps and conflicting reports.
Field Marshal: The Knights of Stromgald struck Darien's Roost from two sides. They would have caught Kjeldor in a pincer attack were it not for Darien's tacticians.
Field Surgeon: Commanders order soldiers to attack. Field surgeons order them to heal. Both are obeyed without question.
Field of Dreams: Some people say that the world is round, and if you travel far enough you'll come to the other side, where everything is upside down.
Field of Reality: "The scholars of the Minamo School understood the veil between their world and that of the kami. Moreover, they knew how to exploit it." / —Observations of the Kami War
Fiery Bombardment: It kills two beasts with one thrown.
Fiery Conclusion: The Boros legionnaire saw a noble sacrifice, the Rakdos thug a blazing suicide, and the Izzet alchemist an experiment gone awry.
Fiery Fall: Jund feasts on the unprepared.
Fiery Hellhound: "I had hoped to instill in it the loyalty of a guard dog, but with fire's power comes its unpredictability." / —Maggath, Sardian elementalist
Fiery Hellhound: Once a barbarian army has conquered a region, their shamans summon hellhounds that keep undesirables out and prisoners in.
Fiery Hellhound: There's nothing more exciting than a game of fetch the still-beating heart.
Fiery Justice: "The fire of justice burns like nothing else." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Fiery Justice: "The fire of justice burns like nothing else." —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Fiery Justice: When the rebels couldn't breach the castle to kill Lalor the Obstinate, they tried a more internal approach to depose the pretender king.
Fight to the Death: When a battlefield falls silent, it's rarely due to a cease-fire.
Fighting Chance: A stroke of luck can smite an army.
Fighting Drake: Scholars in their ivory towers call them "sharks of the sky." Scholars on the road don't call them at all.
Fighting Drake: Two things are needed to survive the harsh skies of Rath: a thick hide and a thicker skull.
Figure of Destiny Avatar: EVE Participation Avatar
Filigree Angel: "I craved enlightenment, and Crucius's etherium opened my eyes. I would share my sight with you, but first you must believe."
Filigree Fracture: The sphinx tyrannized Bant until a rhox mage tested the hardiness of her shiny parts.
Filigree Sages: "We of the Sanctum Arcanum have pondered every word on every page of the Filigree Texts. If you can't say the same, don't bother speaking."
Filth: "As the portal closed, Filth oozed through. The stench of evil followed it in." / —Scroll of Beginnings
Filthy Cur: Some things even fleas won't bite.
Final Fortune: A reward is worthless if you aren't around to enjoy it.
Final Fortune: Want all, lose all. / —Zhalfirin aphorism
Final Judgment: "The clashing warriors turned to face O-Kagachi, the greatest kami, and their sigh of awe was their last breath." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Final Punishment: The pain of a lifetime—every scrape, illness, and bruise—condensed into a single moment.
Final Revels: One whiff of the sweet, pungent scent leads to euphoria—or to an early grave.
Final-Sting Faerie: Many heroes' last sight is a grin at the other end of a rapier.
Fire Ambush: "With fire he broke the battle at Bowang . . . . Striking fear deep into Cao Cao's soul, thus Kongming scored a coup at his debut."
Fire Ants: Visitors to Shiv fear the dragons, the goblins, or the viashino. Natives fear the ants.
Fire Drake: Brimstone marks this drake's territory. Unfortunately for travelers, all of the Burning Isles smell likewise.
Fire Elemental: "Fire set free is a fearsome force—destructive, merciless, always hungry. Given direction, it is much worse." / —Jeflin, Vastwood shaman
Fire Elemental: Fire Elementals are ruthless infernos, annihilating and consuming their foes in a frenzied holocaust. Crackling and blazing, they sear swift, terrible paths, leaving the land charred and scorched in their wake.
Fire Elemental: Fire elementals are ruthless infernos, annihilating and consuming their foes in a frenzied holocaust. Crackling and blazing, they sear swift, terrible paths, leaving the land charred and scorched in their wake.
Fire Elemental: It treads on feet of coals and strikes with the force of a volcano.
Fire Elemental: You are drawn to your death as a moth to the flame.
Fire Servant: "Elemental fire shimmers with rose hues and, unlike terrestrial blazes, smolders long after it's extinguished." / —Jestus Dreya, Of Elements and Eternity
Fire Snake: The snake's final thrashings only spread the fire within it.
Fire at Will: "Make these shots count. The more foes we drop now, the fewer we'll have trying to kill us later."
Fire-Belly Changeling: "My ears say it hisses. My fingers say it burns." / —Auntie Wort
Fire-Lit Thicket: Occupancy of the den changes from night to night as boggart gangs fight for control of a place they aren't willing to simply eat.
Fireball: The spell fell upon the crowd like a dragon, ancient and full of death.
Fireblast: Embermages aren't well known for their diplomatic skills.
Firebolt: Reach out and torch someone.
Firebrand Ranger: A skilled ranger can glance at the mud on your boots and tell where you last camped.
Firebreathing: "And topples round the dreary west / A looming bastion fringed with fire." / —Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "In Memoriam"
Firebreathing: "And topples round the dreary west / A looming bastion fringed with fire." / —Alfred, Lord Tennyson, / "In Memoriam"
Firebreathing: "Cradle your rage close to your heart and nurture your grudge with hatred that you may unleash upon your foes a dragon's fury." / —Tomor, dragonspeaker shaman
Firebreathing: "Magic's only part of it, my friend. Diet does the rest." / —Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Firebreathing: "Magic's only part of it, my friend. Diet does the rest." / —Suq'Ata trader
Firebreathing: The mage breathed in life-giving air and breathed out death-bringing fire.
Firedrinker Satyr: Attending a satyr revel requires a high tolerance for pain.
Firefist Striker: The flaming fist of Boros holds the promise of both protection and destruction in its grasp.
Firefly: "If they don't pinch, they burn. Can't ya eat any of da bugs here?" / —Squee, goblin cabin hand
Firefright Mage: After millennia of advancement in goblin military theory, Toggo VI realized that almost everyone is afraid of fire.
Firehoof Cavalry: "What warrior worth the name fears to leave a trail? If my enemies seek me, let them follow the ashes in my wake."
Firemane Avenger: Firemane Nevena led the victorious assault on the Barbu Rooftop rebels. Now the Gateless have marked her for death.
Fires of Undeath: "I drink of those who are worthy of my palate. The rest I burn."
Fires of Yavimaya: Yavimaya lights the quickest path to battle.
Firescreamer: In the dark, it's nearly invisible—until it exhales.
Fireslinger: "One pain is lessened by another's anguish." / —William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
Fireslinger: "Remember the moral of the fireslinger fable: with power comes isolation." / —Karn, silver golem
Firestorm Hellkite: "If it can scar the sky with fire, do not share its destination." / —Mwani, Mtenda herder
Firestorm Phoenix: "The bird of wonder dies, the maiden phoenix,/ Her ashes new-create another heir/ As great in admiration as herself." / —William Shakespeare, King Henry the Eighth.
Firestorm Phoenix: "The bird of wonder dies, the maiden phoenix,/ Her ashes new-create another heir/ As great in admiration as herself." —William Shakespeare, King Henry the Eighth.
Firestorm: "Glok loved storms! He'd sit an' watch an' laugh through the whole thing. I miss him." / —Squee, goblin cabin hand
Firewake Sliver: "They are here, and they are hungry. And what they do not eat, they burn. Yavimaya is lost. We must leave now for Skyshroud." / —Edahlis, greenseeker
Firewing Phoenix: "When a phoenix nests in a volcano, we rejoice, for it means a hundred years of war." / —Golmak, Keldon warlord
First Come, First Served: The Yotian soldiers hoped that one day R&D would make an artifact creature whose name starts with Z. And in their dreams, it's a 4/1.
First Response: "There's never a good time for a disaster or an attack. That's why we're here." / —Oren, militia captain
First Volley: "We searched their bodies for signs of the blades that had killed them, but found nothing more than scorched flesh." / —Tender-Hand, kitsune healer
Fishliver Oil: Then the maiden bade him cast off his robes and cover his body with fishliver oil, that he might safely follow her into the sea.
Fissure Vent: "Something down there has an appetite for what we're standing on. Let's hope it doesn't want seconds." / —Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Fissure: "Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?" / —Plato
Fissure: "Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?" / —Plato, Phædo, trans. Jowett
Fissure: "Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?" —Plato
Fist of Suns: "It is all in my grasp. Every petty dream, every grand scheme, every soul, every fear. It all flows through me and from me." / —Memnarch
Fists of Ironwood: Saprolings add the three and the four to the "one-two punch."
Fists of the Anvil: Gron's mind reeled with possibilities, most of which are best left unmentioned.
Fit of Rage: "Anger is fleeting; remorse is eternal." / —Karn, silver golem
Flaccify: "Don't worry about it. It happens to every mage sooner or later."
Flagstones of Trokair: Dust-spiked winds eroded the stones, but the ground where they had stood still holds power.
Flailing Drake: Too many choices will always distract a greedy beast.
Flame Burst: As hot as a dwarf's rage.
Flame Elemental: Storyteller: By my hand in the fire, this story is a tale of power. / Listeners: May it give you strength.
Flame Fusillade: "A single item acting as lantern and lance? Now that's military efficiency." / —Brev Grezar, Boros lieutenant
Flame Jab: "Fire's out. Should be safe now." / —Gnarltrunk
Flame Javelin: Gyara Spearhurler would have been renowned for her deadly accuracy, if it weren't for her deadly accuracy.
Flame Jet: Did the land make the Keldons? Did the Keldons make the land? Or were they simply meant for each other?
Flame Rift: Crovax hungered for power, and the stronghold devoured the sky.
Flame Slash: After millennia asleep, the Eldrazi had forgotten about Zendikar's fiery temper and dislike of strangers.
Flame Spirit: "The spirit of the flame is the spirit of change." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Flame Spirit: "The spirit of the flame is the spirit of change." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian chieftain
Flame Spirit: "The spirit of the flame is the spirit of change." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Flame Wave: "I hear the roaring of a wave whose waters are red and whose mists are black." / —Oracle en-Vec
Flame-Kin War Scout: "The forward flame-kin are popping. We have incoming!" / —Svar, Boros signaler
Flame-Kin Zealot: Boros soldiers are like a cache of bombs ready to explode, and the flame-kin light their fuses.
Flameblast Dragon: Dragon lords of Jund rule by edicts of flame.
Flameblast Dragon: He marks his territory with fire and wrath, etching the mountainside with his charring breath.
Flameborn Hellion: "The most reliable omen of a future hellion attack is a past hellion attack." / —Spear-Tribe teaching
Flameborn Viron: "Large or small, all will toil for the Great Work." / —Decree of Urabrask
Flamebreak: "Now I'm thirsty." / —Korva, Vulshok battlemaster
Flamecast Wheel: Beware the gifts of an ill-tempered forge god.
Flamecore Elemental: To a fire elemental, fools and fuels are one and the same.
Flamekin Bladewhirl: "The elves may try to confine us, but they will learn that our blazing spirit can never be suppressed." / —Vessifrus, flamekin demagogue
Flamekin Brawler: When he hits people, they stay hit.
Flamekin Spitfire: Some flamekin warriors explore the art of coherence, an ancient discipline that harnesses the chaos of fire and focuses it with pinpoint precision.
Flames of the Blood Hand: Many ogres extracted blood oaths from the oni they summoned. Others simply extracted blood.
Flames of the Firebrand: "You're in luck. I brought enough to share." / —Chandra Nalaar
Flamespeaker Adept: "I see your future, mantled in ash."
Flametongue Kavu Avatar: Awarded in celebration of the second birthday of Magic Online
Flametongue Kavu: "For dim-witted, thick-skulled genetic mutants, they have pretty good aim." / —Sisay
Flametongue Kavu: "For dim-witted, thick-skulled genetic mutants, they have pretty good aim." / —Sisay 
Flametongue Kavu: "For dim-witted, thick-skulled genetic mutants, they have pretty good aim." / —Sisay, captain of the Weatherlight
Flamewave Invoker: Inside even the humblest goblin lurks the potential for far greater things—and far worse.
Flamewave Invoker: The Mirari burns in his heart.
Flamewright: Those who can't conspire, create.
Flaming Sword: "It's not Talruum crystal, but I must admit—it gets the job done." / —Tahngarth
Flanking Troops: Following the battle of Redcliffs, both Liu Bei and Sun Quan coveted the province of Jingzhou. After Sun Quan's troops failed to capture it, Liu Bei's succeeded.
Flare: "I strive for elegance and speed in my work." / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Flare: "In the forest, fires light the sky as black clouds unfold their weight." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Flare: The secret of destruction is simple: everything burns.
Flaring Flame-Kin: A flame-kin is always formidable, but feeding its fire with a sorcerous gift grants it the power to devastate armies.
Flaring Pain: "I don't rub salt in wounds. I use sulfur." / —Matoc, lavamancer
Flash Counter: "She grinned at me—a wicked grin. ‘I hope you weren't relying too heavily on that, my dear.'" —Medryn Silverwand, Diary
Flash Counter: "So much for that bright idea"
Flash Flood: Many people say that no power can bring the mountains low. Many people are fools.
Flash Foliage: "This undemanding vegetation takes root in a mote of dust but grows incredibly quickly." / —Simic research notes
Flashfires: Dry grass is tinder before the spark.
Flashfreeze: "Is cold merely the absence of heat, or a force unto itself? Would a display of its power help you decide?" / —Zubarek, Icewinder Magus
Flashfreeze: "Nature? Fire? Bah! Both are chaotic and difficult to control. Ice is structured, latticed, light as a feather, massive as a glacier. In ice, there is power!" / —Heidar, Rimewind master
Flashfreeze: "Your downfall was not your ignorance, your weakness, or your hubris, but your warm blood." / —Heidar, Rimewind master
Flay: The Keldons would never admit it, but Greel unsettles them, too.
Fledgling Djinn: "The young can be quite dangerous. Trust me, I should know." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Fledgling Griffin: "We're making progress, but its desire to explore still far exceeds its ability." / —Amadi, Halimar griffin-master
Fledgling Imp: Imps aren't born knowing how to fly—just how to annoy.
Fledgling Osprey: It isn't truly born until its first flight.
Fleet-Footed Monk: "Hesitation is for the faithless. My belief lends me speed."
Fleetfeather Sandals: "The gods gave us no wings to fly, but they gave us an even greater gift: imagination." / —Daxos of Meletis
Fleeting Aven: "Don't become so enthralled with magic that you forget you can fly without it."
Fleeting Distraction: "To distract an archmage would take incredible power. But for a simpleton, something sparkly will do." / —Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Fleeting Distraction: The first spell taught to young mages, it has spared the lives of many whose hands are too small to hold a sword.
Fleeting Image: "Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow." / —Aesop, Fables, trans. Jacobs
Fleeting Image: "It was as if we fought a shadow." / —Onean soldier
Fleeting Image: Horas swore off drinking, but after meeting the creature a second time he decided he'd better start again.
Flesh Carver: "Just a taste?"
Flesh Reaver: Though the reaver is horrifyingly effective, its dorsal vents spit a highly corrosive cloud of filth.
Flesh to Dust: "Pain is temporary. So is life." / —Liliana Vess
Fleshbag Marauder: Grixis is a world where the only things found in abundance are death and decay. Corpses, whole or in part, are the standard currency among necromancers and demons.
Fleshformer: Necromancers who discovered the new sources of mana were quick to dream up new nightmares with them.
Fleshgrafter: Necrogen enflames certain emotional centers in the Morioks' brains: hate, aggression, and especially greed.
Fleshmad Steed: More disturbing than the unknown is a distortion of the familiar.
Fleshpulper Giant: He doesn't hate small folk. He just likes the squishing sound they make.
Flicker: Who is truer: you who are, or you who are to be?
Flickering Spirit: It disappears each time with the hope that it will not return to the same desolation it left behind.
Flickerwisp: Its wings disturb more than air.
Flight of Fancy: The view from above is an inspiration to the newly winged.
Flight: "Those who claim to know the world in its entirety rarely have the requisite perspective." / —Ulmarus the Wise
Fling: About halfway to the target, Snukk vowed that he had been tricked for the last time.
Fling: It's raining rats and moggs.
Fling: Masters of the sword know the blade is not the only weapon at their disposal.
Fling: Sometimes the cannoneer must become the cannonball.
Flinthoof Boar: Through the smoke and flames it hunts, sniffing out the panicked and confused.
Floating-Dream Zubera: When the Honden of Seeing Winds was forgotten, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to uncover mortal secrets.
Flock of Rabid Sheep: And their bleating was like a wet salmon slapped upon the land—slap! slap! slap!
Flood: "A dash of cool water does wonders to clear a cluttered battlefield." / —Vibekke Ragnild, Witches and War
Floodbringer: "Such a small thing, a drop of water . . . And yet enough of them together can flood a field, cleanse a mire, or choke a forest."
Flooded Grove: At full moon, the river seeps over its banks and crawls through the woods like a blanket of serpents.
Flooded Shoreline: "Some say the sea is jealous of the land and wishes to climb its heights to meet the sky." / —Afari, Tales
Flooded Strand: Where dragons once slept, their bones now rest.
Flooded Woodlands: Freyalise's tears bring life and renewal, though they also bring trouble.
Floodgate: "Quick, Rhirhok—teach me to swim!" / —Makht, goblin casualty
Floodtide Serpent: "Pray to Thassa for what? A bigger monster to eat it? A wave that can wash it away? What then?" / —Lindos, merchant of Meletis
Floodwater Dam: Viscerid dams may be of living creatures as well as bones and mud.
Flourishing Defenses: Many horrors take the bait of brave elf volunteers walking alone, only to fall to the blades of rescuers lurking nearby.
Flow of Ideas: "A system to direct the flow of Ravnica's entire water supply? Thinking a bit small, aren't we?" / —Trivaz, Izzet mage
Flow of Ideas: "Beware the merrows, whose envy and covetousness surpasses even that of the ravenous whirlpools where they dwell." / —The Book of Other Folk
Flow of Maggots: "The very earth seemed alive and made a sound like the writhing of the damned." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Flowering Field: Some lands are soothing, and their peace can be felt in the soul.
Flowering Lumberknot: "It used to eat us trappers. Now it follows us around like some kind of hound dog." / —Alena, trapper of Kessig
Flowstone Blade: "Remember the fable of the elf who came upon a cave of gold. In trying to free the largest piece, she was crushed by its weight." / —Karn
Flowstone Blade: "Remember the fable of the elf who came upon a cave of gold. In trying to free the largest piece, she was crushed by its weight." / —Karn, silver golem
Flowstone Channeler: With the evincars gone, flowstone became erratic and wild, a source of power for mages more desperate than wise.
Flowstone Charger: A mane of flowstone and a mien of fury.
Flowstone Crusher: "Someone must have done something very bad to make a rock that angry." / —Rebel scout
Flowstone Crusher: "What's better than smashing things with a rock? A rock that gets up and smashes things for you." / —Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Flowstone Embrace: "The seventh symbol, the Mark of Stone, stores the power of ancient Rath." / —Tome of Elemental Mastery
Flowstone Giant: When the first of these giants woke from the bedrock, he was still sleepy. He yawned and stretched until his legs grew so thin that they snapped like icicles in the sun. / —Vec lore
Flowstone Hellion: Volrath leaves no stone untrained.
Flowstone Mauler: Once these horrifying creatures were perfected, there was no need for armodons.
Flowstone Overseer: The rebels couldn't see where the roar was coming from. Then they saw it was coming from everywhere.
Flowstone Salamander: The Furnace of Rath is periodically illuminated by their sparkling yawns.
Flowstone Sculpture: The sculptor, weary of his work, created art that would finish itself.
Flowstone Shambler: Flowstone troops are notoriously difficult to keep in formation.
Flowstone Slide: "Like an avalanche. With teeth. That will chase you. Uphill." / —Flint Foot, viashino runner
Flowstone Slide: It may look like soil, but its nature is malice.
Flowstone Strike: Aggression exacts its toll.
Flowstone Surge: The army was never at a loss for weapons; Crovax was their forge.
Flowstone Thopter: Airborne flowstone isn't less dangerous, only less common.
Flowstone Wall: The rebels assaulted the wall, never suspecting the wall would assault back.
Flowstone Wyvern: "Where I come from, stone stays on the ground." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Fluctuator: Fiko summoned only atogs for three straight sessions. The tutor couldn't decide whether to punish his failure or praise his consistency.
Flurry of Horns: A minotaur does not distinguish between human, satyr, and triton. They are all meat.
Flurry of Wings: "We are born soldiers. The call to battle is a homecoming."
Flux: "Every spell has the potential to be worthless." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Fluxcharger: One part mizzium, two parts elemental energy, eleven parts danger.
Flying Carpet: "Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
Flying Carpet: Woven from strands of griffin mane and pegasus tail.
Flying Crane Technique: There are many Jeskai styles: Riverwalk imitates flowing water, Dragonfist the ancient hellkites, and Flying Crane the wild aven of the high peaks.
Flying Men: Saffiyah clapped her hands and twenty flying men appeared at her side, each well trained in the art of combat.
Fodder Cannon: Step 1: Find your cousin. / Step 2: Get your cousin in the cannon. / Step 3: Find another cousin.
Fodder Launch: Leave it to a boggart to come up with a projectile as disgusting as it is deadly.
Fog Bank: "The union of sea and sky makes a perfect cover." / —Talrand, sky summoner
Fog Elemental: "I've seen fog so thick you could cut it, but none that could cut me." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Fog Elemental: "It's the perfect sentry. Those who should pass can go right through it." / —Teferi
Fog Patch: Realizing they weren't getting past the fog, the elves did the only thing they could do: wait.
Fog of Gnats: You can swat a thousand gnats, but a thousand more will assail you.
Fog: "I fear no army or beast, but only the morning fog. Our assault can survive everything else." / —Lord Hilneth
Fog: "More armies have been lost in the confusion of the jungle mists than to any battle." / —Jolrael
Fog: It's hard enough to find your way through uncharted wilderness when you can see the tip of your nose.
Fold into Æther: Æther portals drift across Mirrodin's surface, dragging creatures across time and space.
Folk Medicine: Sometimes the healers need healing.
Folk of An-Havva: "There are those who accept being told what to do, what to think, and what to say. Then there are the Folk of An-Havva." / —Reyhan, Samite Alchemist
Folk of An-Havva: "This town's only for good folk. The rest can go to the city." / —Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Folk of the Pines: "Our friends of the forest take many forms, yet all serve the will of Freyalise." / —Laina of the Elvish Council
Followed Footsteps: Æther can turn a footprint into a blueprint.
Font of Fertility: Drink deep, and know the path to the heart of the wilds.
Font of Fortunes: Drink deep, and your thoughts will flow freely.
Font of Ire: Drink deep, and find your vengeance fulfilled.
Font of Mythos: Those who drink from Malfegor's cup are tainted with hunger and stained with lies.
Font of Return: Drink deep, and death will recoil from you.
Font of Vigor: Drink deep, and be restored.
Fool's Tome: Squee: "What's that?" / Ertai: "It's a magical book." / Squee: "Am I smart enough ta use it?" / Ertai: "You could say that."
Foot Soldiers: Infantry deployment is the art of putting your troops in the wrong place at the right time.
Footbottom Feast: The scent of rot and vinegar fills the marsh, inviting boggarts from every warren to reunite and feast.
Foothill Guide: "Like any pests, goblins must be repelled quickly or they multiply."
Footsteps of the Goryo: In the case of violent deaths, kami offered a chance for revenge if the deceased offered up its corpse as a host to the invading kami.
Foratog: Five hundred years to grow—barely a minute to eat.
Force Away: Where an enemy once rode, not even a whisper remains.
Force Spike: "I don't think so."
Force Spike: "Unknown spears / Suddenly hurtle before my dream-awakened eyes . . . ." / —William Butler Yeats, / "The Valley of the Black Pig"
Force Void: "My mind and spirit are one—a barrier not readily passed." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Force of Nature: "It blinked, and flower petals fell like tears. Harthar, sensing weakness, attacked—and his blood fell like petals." / —Shesul Fass, faerie bard
Force of Savagery: "Life cannot be created and then abandoned. It must be nurtured and fed so that it may express its ripened might." / —Freyalise
Forced Adaptation: "We're planting the seeds of change. Sometimes, we plant them in people." / —Vorel of the Hull Clade
Forced Fruition: "Petals within petals within petals, tadpole. The truth lurks below an opulence of illusion." / —Neerdiv, fallowsage
Forced March: The Caterans call it a screening process. The dead are in no condition to argue.
Forced Retreat: "Leadership, not numbers, determines victory." / —A Wu commander, before his 5,000 troops forced 15,000 Wei troops to retreat from Ruxu
Forced Worship: Imprisonment teaches revenge. Hobbling teaches resignation.
Forcemage Advocate: "Our unity renews our strength."
Foresee: Two eyes to see what could be, two eyes to see what will.
Foresee: Wind time's watch, and watch time unwind.
Forest Bear: Fish and bear paws—one can't have both. / —Chinese idiom meaning / "you can't have it both ways"
Forfend: "Suddenly there stood a fortress protecting the clachan, its walls hewn of valor and mortared with honor." / —Clachan Tales
Forge Devil: A bit of pain never hurts.
Forge Devil: Devils infiltrated the lower levels of Thraben Cathedral, making cracks in load-bearing pillars and setting fire to precious archives.
Forgeborn Oreads: Purphoros shaped the oreads out of stray coals from his forge.
Forgestoker Dragon: The Akroans fashion their helms to honor the dragons, not to protect against them, as that would be of little help.
Forgotten Ancient: Its blood is life. Its body is growth.
Forgotten Lore: In ashes are the gems of history.
Foriysian Brigade: "A double-edged sword lets you cut down your enemies with the backswing as well." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Foriysian Interceptor: A focal point for time rifts, Foriys contends simultaneously with foes both new and old.
Forked Bolt: "Play no favorites. Everybody dies." / —Sparkmage saying
Forlorn Pseudamma: "More children taken. This is an evil we will track without mercy." / —Anthousa of Setessa
Formation: "I have been a warrior for over four hundred years, and yet each generation of Kjeldorans teaches me new tricks. There can be no better allies." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Forsaken Drifters: It is a terrible thing when the path of the Returned leads them back to the Underworld.
Fortify: "Where metal is tainted and wood is scarce, we are best armed by faith." / —Tavalus, acolyte of Korlis
Fortress Crab: Unbreakable and unappetizing, the crab grows uninterrupted, sometimes to the size of a cottage and beyond.
Fortress Cyclops: "They think they tamed him, but he will always be a wild titan, a force of nature." / —Nedja, Gruul shaman
Fossil Find: "Some secrets want to be revealed. They burst through the soil of their own accord." / —Dindun of Kulrath Mine
Foul Familiar: "Serve me, and live forever." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Foul Imp: The imp, unaware of its own odor, paused to catch its breath . . . and promptly died.
Foul Imp: The villagers call it "winged stench."
Foul Presence: The Phyrexians have one word that means both "evolution" and "pain."
Foundry Street Denizen: After the Foundry Street riot, Arrester Hulbein tried to ban bludgeons. Which, inevitably, resulted in another riot.
Fountain Watch: The Cho-Arrim didn't rely only on a secret location to protect their Fountain.
Fountain of Youth: Some say the fountain's waters are the first rains that fell over Dominaria.
Fountain of Youth: The Fountain had stood in the town square for centuries, but only the pigeons knew its secret.
Fountain of Youth: The fountain had stood in the town square for centuries, but only the pigeons knew its secret.
Fowl Play: "I feel like chicken tonight!"
Foxfire Oak: "The brethren shall blaze with unnatural fire, and the flame shall consume and purify our rage." / —Treefolk catastrophe myth
Foxfire: "Only the foolish fear Foxfire." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Foxfire: "Only the foolish fear foxfire." / —Kolbjörn, / Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Fraction Jackson: Bitten by radioactive beebles in a freak algebra accident, young Ricky Robertson discovered he'd gained the ability to harness the awesome power of fractions
Fractured Powerstone: The Thran learned to capture mana, but power inevitably escapes its bonds.
Fracturing Gust: Elvish dawnhands test a relic's worthiness before collecting it for the safehold. If it can't stand up to a stiff breeze, it's left behind.
Framed!: Who knew an 8˝ by 10˝ could feel like a 2˝ by 4˝?
Frankie Peanuts: Don't cross him or you'll end up sleeping with the merfolk.
Frantic Purification: By definition, madness ends in one of two ways: clarity . . . or death.
Frantic Salvage: "We will mourn when there is time. For now, we survive."
Frantic Search: Motivation was high in the academy once students realized flunking their exams could kill them.
Fraternal Exaltation: ... and when you want to go explore, the number you should have is four. —Sandra Boynton
Frazzle: The chant was interrupted, the components cooked, and Zok worried that it was his brain he smelled smoking.
Frazzled Editor: The pen is mightier than the sword.
Freed from the Real: When a strong mind moves, form and energy shift to heed it.
Freewind Equenaut: Confront her, and feel the hooves of her steed. Ignore her, and feel the sting of her arrow.
Freewind Falcon: "That does it! I'm going back to hunting chickens!" / —Rhirhok, goblin archer
Frenetic Efreet Avatar: MI Prize Avatar
Frenetic Ogre: The best thing about ogres is that they never try to sneak up on you.
Frenetic Raptor: "How do you stop a raptor from charging? No, seriously Help" / —Blarg, goblin jester
Frenzied Goblin: The upside to not thinking about the consequences is that you'll always surprise those who do.
Frenzied Goblin: What he lacks in stature, he makes up for with enthusiasm.
Frenzied Tilling: "Beneath her scars, Dominaria's beauty yet shines." / —Multani, maro-sorcerer
Frenzied Tilling: "Izzet contraptions pollute our lands. Burn them down, kill the makers, cleanse the earth." / —Nedja, Gruul shaman
Frenzy Sliver: The Arturan conjurers took the strange, alien fossil and patterned their own twisted creations in its image.
Fresh Meat: A scavenger's favorite appetizer is death.
Fresh Volunteers: Every Cho-Arrim villager is a potential warrior; when they are called, they abandon their peaceful way of life and take up arms to defend it.
Freyalise Supplicant: "We have joined with the Druids of the Juniper Order. Our faith is one." / —Laina of the Elvish Council
Frightful Delusion: Whether he actually exists is in question, but the terror she feels is excruciatingly real.
Frilled Oculus: "Understand the Simic? That's about as easy as winning a staring contest with a homunculus." / —Dars Gostok, Firefist captain
Frog Tongue: "But why can't I get one?" sniveled Squee. "All da bugs here got wings."
Frogmite: At first, vedalken observers thought blinkmoths naturally avoided certain places. Then they realized those places were frogmite feeding grounds.
Frogtosser Banneret: The Frogtossers thread feathers, bones, and trophies from past raids into their standards, believing they fuel the warren with the anger of its victims.
Frontier Bivouac: "The most powerful dreams visit those who shelter in a dragon's skull." / —Chianul, Who Whispers Twice
Frontier Guide: "The elders say Zendikar has no safe, peaceful places. How would they know? They've never looked."
Frontline Sage: The battle was won in the commander's head before the first weapon was drawn.
Frost Breath: "I'll make ice chimes of your bones."
Frost Breath: If you have to be stuck somewhere for a while, it's better to be stuck there with a friend.
Frost Giant: The Frost Giants have been out in the cold a long, long time, but they have their rage to keep them warm.
Frost Giant: The frost giants have been out in the cold a long, long time, but they have their rage to keep them warm.
Frost Lynx: It readily attacks much larger prey, knowing retaliation is impossible.
Frost Marsh: "Now caged in Winter's bitter chill, / Our people cry, their voices shrill— / Eternal cold breaks down their will." / —The Dynasty of Winter Kings
Frost Ogre: Mountain ogres allowed blizzards to sheathe them in ice, both to reinforce their armor and to hide their pungent musk from potential prey.
Frost Raptor: The Rimewind wizards strove to perpetuate a magical winter. Their unnatural snows birthed unnatural beasts.
Frostburn Weird: Many chemisters are oblivious to the innumerable machinations of their guild, instead focusing obsessively on creating the perfect weird.
Frostling: Its bite will take off more than a toe.
Frostweb Spider: Its white webs glitter, mimicking the frost on the tree's branches.
Frostwind Invoker: "We thought Zendikar's rage was kindled by its explorers and plunderers. But the world had sensed the stirrings of the Eldrazi." / —The Invokers' Tales
Frozen Shade: "There are some qualities, some incorporate things, / That have a double life, which thus is made / A type of twin entity which springs / From matter and light, evinced in solid and shade." / —Edgar Allan Poe, "Silence"
Frozen Shade: "There are some qualities—some incorporate things,/ That have a double life, which thus is made/ A type of twin entity which springs/ From matter and light, evinced in solid and shade." / —Edgar Allan Poe, "Silence"
Frozen Solid: "Guard, fetch me a mallet." / —Heidar, Rimewind master
Frozen Æther: Gjornersen entertained his followers by taking bets on which would move first—the drowsing land wurm or the frozen goblins.
Fruitcake Elemental: Experiments intended to create the perfect holiday emissary resulted in a substance harder than darksteel and a fraction as merry.
Fruition: Come to these woods and suffer no pain; you've burdens to lose and new life to gain.
Fuel for the Cause: "Your ideas will be discarded and your will repurposed."
Fugitive Druid: "If the druids are so devoted to their trees, I will carve them coffins from their precious heartwood." / —Volrath
Fugitive Wizard: "The law has its place—as a footnote in my spellbook." / —Siyani, fugitive mage
Fugitive Wizard: Many wizards came to the Riptide Project hoping to return home with answers. Most, however, wouldn't return home at all.
Fugitive Wizard: The College of Lat-Nam is often forced to expel students whose experiments grow too risky or too cruel.
Fugue: "It's hard to keep our own troops from fleeing when he's like this. How can our foes possibly stand against him?" / —Field marshal for the Eastern Paladin
Fugue: "My ship . . . ," Sisay mumbled. "Intact," Gerrard reassured her, "which is more than I can say for you, my friend." Sisay laughed despite the pain.
Fulgent Distraction: "Channeling the white-hot power of all five suns creates a pretty good diversion." / —Yavash of the Accorders
Full Moon's Rise: Some lycanthropes wish they could abandon their weak human shapes and revel in the power of the wolf.
Fulminator Mage: "Unsafe Terrain Ahead—Turn Back" / —Sign near the former location of Pyrtagh Cairn
Fumarole: "Too many of us have died in the explosions that wrack these hills." / —Klazina Jansdotter, Leader of the Order of the Sacred Torch
Fumarole: "Too many of us have died in the explosions that wrack these hills." / —Klazina Jansdotter, leader of the Order of the Sacred Torch
Fume Spitter: "Our archers made sport of it as it fumbled its way up the slag ridge. As it collapsed we thought ourselves safe, but the foul thing carried more than necrogen." / —Adaran, Tangle hunter
Funeral March: "This party is such fun—but it's a shame to mourn just one." / —Irini Sengir
Funeral March: "Turn the key deftly in the oiled wards, / And seal the hushed casket of my soul." / —John Keats, "To Sleep"
Funeral Pyre: "Raze the body. Raise the soul." / —Mystic elder
Fungal Bloom: "Thallids could absorb energy from the forest itself. Even Elves were at a disadvantage in fighting them." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Fungal Bloom: "Thallids could absorb energy from the forest itself. Even elves were at a disadvantage in fighting them." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Fungal Sprouting: "Saprolings need only a host to feed upon. Numbers will take care of the rest." / —Ghave, Guru of Spores
Fungus Elemental: I rot growth and grow rot. What am I? / —Elvish riddle
Fungus Sliver: "When a sliver of this breed enters the hive, the others claw each other in frenzied fits, thereby ensuring their rapid growth." / —Rukarumel, field journal
Fungusaur: Rather than sheltering her young, the female Fungusaur often injures her own offspring, thereby ensuring their rapid growth.
Fungusaur: Rather than sheltering her young, the female fungusaur often injures her own offspring, thereby ensuring their rapid growth.
Furious Assault: "Does it burn, Saprazzan? Do you wish you had never raised arms against us?" / —Kyren overseer
Furious Resistance: "At least the Gateless rebels have ideals. Rakdos just mocks, defiles, and kills all we hold dear." / —Libuse, Boros sergeant
Furnace Brood: Furnace air crackles with magmatic cackles.
Furnace Celebration: Nothing impresses goblins more than something that's bound to kill them.
Furnace Celebration: Reduce. Reuse. Wreak havoc.
Furnace Scamp: Born of the core, and dying to stoke it.
Furnace Spirit: If it can survive the Furnace, you don't want it near you.
Furnace Whelp: Baby dragons can't figure out humans—if they didn't want to be killed, why were they made of meat and treasure?
Furnace of Rath: The furnace awaits the next master who would stoke the fires of apocalypse.
Furor of the Bitten: Those who only believe themselves infected with lycanthropy can be as dangerous as those who really are.
Fury Sliver: "A rift opened, and our arrows were abruptly stilled. To move was to push the world. But the sliver's claw still twitched, red wounds appeared in Thed's chest, and ribbons of blood hung in the air." / —Adom Capashen, Benalish hero
Furyborn Hellkite: "Careful. A drop of blood here means death for us all." / —Kalek, mountain guide
Fusion Elemental: As the shards merged into the Maelstrom, their mana energies fused into new monstrosities.
Future Sight: "Is the inevitable any less miraculous?" / —Veldka, wandering sage
Future Sight: "My past holds only pain and loss. I will conquer it by creating the perfect future." / —Ixidor, reality sculptor
Fyndhorn Bow: "With a bow like this, the hunting is always good." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, / Elvish Hunter
Fyndhorn Brownie: "I've been insulted by drunks in a hundred inns, but never as skillfully or annoyingly as by those blasted Brownies." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Fyndhorn Brownie: "I've been insulted by drunks in a hundred inns, but never as skillfully or annoyingly as by those blasted brownies." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Fyndhorn Druid: "All struggles ultimately require sacrifice. It's just that some sacrifices are dearer than others." / —Jaeuhl Carthalion, / Juniper Order Advocate
Fyndhorn Druid: "Honor those who honor Fyndhorn above themselves." / —Kolbjörn, High Honored Druid
Fyndhorn Elder: "Do we know what we're doing? Yes—the will of Freyalise." / —Laina of the Elvish Council
Fyndhorn Elder: "It is useful to be able to speak to the trees. But it is truly wondrous to be able to listen to them."
Fyndhorn Elves: "Living side by side with the Elves for so long leaves me with no doubt that we serve the same goddess." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Fyndhorn Elves: "Living side by side with the elves for so long leaves me with no doubt that we serve the same goddess." / —Kolbjörn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Fyndhorn Elves: "We could no more abandon the forest than the stars could abandon the night sky."
Fyndhorn Pollen: "I breathed deeply, and suddenly I knew not who or where I was." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Fyndhorn Pollen: "I breathed deeply, and suddenly I knew not who or where I was." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Gaddock Teeg: So great is his wisdom and spirit that many who have met him say that they stood before a giant of a man and talked to the wisest of the four winds.
Gaea's Anthem: "To those who can hear it, Gaea's battle song brings power as swift as sunlight and as enduring as the deep roots of the forest." / —Gamelen, Citanul elder
Gaea's Avenger: After the destruction of Argoth, Gaea was willing to instill a portion of her own powers into some of her more vengeful followers.
Gaea's Bounty: The forest grew back so quickly that lumbering machines were suspended in the treetops.
Gaea's Cradle: "Here sprouted the first seedling of Argoth. Here the last tree will fall." / —Gamelen, Citanul elder
Gaea's Cradle: "Here sprouted the first seedling of Argoth. Here the last tree will fall." / —Gamelon, Citanul elder
Gaea's Embrace: The forest rose to the battle, not to save the people but to save itself.
Gaea's Embrace: The forest rose to the battle, not to save the people, but to save itself.
Gaea's Herald: "Gaea sings with the voice of nature rampant: a thousand howls, chitters, and cries, and none of them can be ignored."
Gaea's Herald: "I bring word from Gaea. Fight on! She will never allow her children to die alone."
Gaea's Herald: The elves' battle cries cut paths through the Æther, guiding those who would stand in Gaea's defense.
Gaea's Might: With the Heart of Yavimaya aiding him, Multani didn't even strain at the load.
Gaea's Skyfolk: The grace of the forest and the spirit of the sea.
Gahiji, Honored One: He can stir the gentlest spirit to wild ferocity.
Gainsay: "I'd be happy to stop contradicting you, Urza, just as soon as you start being right." / —Bo Levar, planeswalker
Gainsay: "You dryfolk must take the air for granted. You constantly insist on wasting it." / —Kenessos, priest of Thassa
Gale Force: Everything the kami had done, they did with more force. Gentle breezes became typhoons, rolling rivers turned to crushing rapids, and gentle growth became overnight masses of thorns and vines.
Galerider Sliver: Masters of adaptation, galeriders serve multiple purposes useful to the hive. When they're not patrolling their territories, their majestic wings serve to circulate cool air through the vast hive chambers.
Galina's Knight: "Are they on our side?" asked Sisay. / "If they kill Phyrexians they are," replied Gerrard.
Gallantry: "Forgive me," Mirri whispered. "I thought you a burden, and you saved my life." Hanna quietly accepted the apology.
Gallantry: The courageous accomplish more in a single moment than the cowardly do in a lifetime.
Gallowbraid: "If its skin looks like stone, it is only to match its heart." / —Crovax
Gallows Warden: The spirit cares nothing for the crimes or triumphs of the slain. It shelters all beneath its stormy cloak.
Galvanic Blast: Mirrodin has little weather, but it certainly has lightning.
Galvanic Key: A solution in search of a problem.
Galvanoth: It chews open Mirrodin's husk and feeds on the outpouring of energy.
Gamble: When you've got nothing, you might as well trade it for something else.
Game-Trail Changeling: "I pity them, never knowing the pleasures of a single familiar form, but at least they find a noble shape at times." / —Desmera, perfect of Wren's Run
Gang of Devils: "Well, how could I know they'd explode?" / —Gregel, township militia
Gang of Elk: "I felt the ground shake, so I hid in my tent until the earthquake passed. It passed all right, and it left hoofprints." / —Femeref explorer
Gang of Elk: The elk is Gaea's favorite, who wears the forest on its brow.
Gangrenous Goliath: Cabal clerics don't heal the sick—they heal the dead.
Gargoyle Castle: Most knew of the tower's wizard and gargoyle. Few realized which was guardian and which was master.
Gargoyle Sentinel: "Do not mistake a quiet rampart for one that is unguarded. Some things stir only when they need to." / —Bonovar, siege commander
Gargoyle Sentinel: The beating of a gargoyle's wings on the air is like the cracking of stones. Intruders who rouse a gargoyle are certain to hear the cracking of bones.
Garruk's Packleader: "He has learned much in his long years. And unlike selfish humans, he's willing to share." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Gaseous Form: ". . . [A]nd gives to airy nothing / A local habitation and a name." / —William Shakespeare, A Midsummer-Night's Dream
Gaseous Form: ". . . [A]nd gives to airy nothing/ A local habitation and a name." —William Shakespeare, A Midsummer-Night's Dream
Gaseous Form: "It's hard to hurt anyone when you're as transparent as your motives." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Gate Hound: "Ditri, I leave this checkpoint in your capable teeth." / —Kitov, nightguard patrol
Gate to Phyrexia: "The warm rain of grease on my face immediately made it clear I had entered Phyrexia." / —Jarsyl, Diary
Gate to Phyrexia: "The warm rain of grease on my face immediately made it clear I had entered Phyrexia." —Jarsyl, Diary
Gatecreeper Vine: Every inch of Ravnica is home to something.
Gatekeeper of Malakir: "You may enter the city—once the toll is paid."
Gateway Shade: Tireless and merciless, shades are harnessed as spies by the Dimir.
Gather Specimens: "It's free to do whatever it wants. I've merely told it what that is." / —Xorin, Architect of Will
Gather the Townsfolk: In the memories of those they lost lies the strength needed to defend their city.
Gatherer of Graces: "Garb is for common folk. I prefer to wear insight and zeal, ambition and flame."
Gatstaf Shepherd: "What is worse than a wolf in sheep's clothing?" / —Wolfhunter's riddle
Gavony Ironwright: "I wish my work could shelter everyone, yet I pray we are never so few that it does."
Gavony Township: "The protective wards of the church have weakened, and no one can tell us why. It's time to look to our own defenses." / —Gregel, militia leader
Gaze of Adamaro: Wherever it looked, it saw destruction—the wake of its own gaze.
Gaze of Granite: "Show yourself, thief."
Gaze of Granite: Golgari reclaimers resent the gorgons, begrudging the loss of so many fine nutrients locked away in stone.
Gaze of Pain: Remove the guardians to ensure your victory.
Gaze of the Gorgon: Even the dead give way to the mineral gaze of the gorgon.
Geist Snatch: Angels and demons aren't the only ones listening to your prayers.
Geist of the Moors: "The battle is won. There's work to be done. / The Blessed Sleep must wait. / A fiend is about. It stalks the devout. / I'll save them from my fate." / —"The Good Geist's Vow"
Geistcatcher's Rig: The rigs were outlawed except in Nephalia, where malign spirits are as plentiful as crazed inventors.
Geistflame: Innistrad pyromancers find their best raw materials in the fury of the dead.
Gelatinous Genesis: Even as the world was left cracked and gory by the marauding Eldrazi, new life began to drip from its wounds.
Gelectrode: "Diametrically opposing energies in self-sealed plasmodermic bubbles make great pets!" / —Trivaz, Izzet mage
Gemhide Sliver: "The land is weary. Even Skyshroud is depleted. We must find another source of mana—one that is growing despite our withering world." / —Freyalise
Gemstone Array: Outside, it reflects the suns' light. Inside, it harvests the suns' power.
General's Regalia: A uniform fit for a goblin.
Genesis Chamber: "As the experimental population grows, so do the number of myr. It's a perfect equilibrium." / —Memnarch
Genesis Hydra: Designed by George Fan
Genesis: "First through the Riftstone was Genesis—and the world was lifeless no more." / —Scroll of Beginnings
Geosurge: "The mountains have been corrupted. Otherwise, they would not lend me their fire so easily." / —Koth of the Hammer
Gerrard's Battle Cry: Gerrard grinned and drew his sword. "This won't be a fair fight," he called to his crew. "They should have brought a second ship!"
Gerrard's Command: "Unless you like the idea of becoming some goblin's lunch, get up and move!"
Gerrard's Command: "Unless you like the idea of becoming some goblin's lunch, get up and move"
Gerrard's Irregulars: Had Gerrard realized he'd end up fighting against them, he might not have trained them so well.
Gerrard's Verdict: A heart of light and a soul of darkness cannot coexist.
Gerrard's Wisdom: "Fighting without an army is called a duel, and you'll lose a duel if your enemy comes expecting a war." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Gerrard's Wisdom: "You'll lose a duel if your enemy comes expecting a war."
Gerrard's Wisdom: A picture is worth a thousand swords.
Gerrard: Soldier. Adventurer. Heir to the Legacy. Gerrard has, over the years, traveled much of Dominaria in search of fortune and glory. Now, after serving nobly in the Benalish army, he has returned to the Weatherlight to serve as captain in Sisay's absence and to take up the battle against the Lord of the Wastes.
Get a Life: Gimme five! (Or whatever you got.)
Geth's Grimoire: The book shrieks horribly until its cover is opened, granting the spirit inside a moment's rest from the painful stirrings of the book's contents.
Geth's Verdict: "Everyone should owe you something." / —Geth, Lord of the Vault
Geyser Glider: "Quit pontificating, mage. The last thing we want to do is give it more hot air." / —Tala Vertan, Makindi shieldmate
Ghalma's Warden: A special unit guards the loxodon artificer known as Ghalma the Shaper. They are armed and armored in her finest works of silver and steel.
Ghastlord of Fugue: "He is a ghost that has never known life." / —The Seer's Parables
Ghastly Demise: "Anyone can snap her fingers and yank a soul. I prefer to kill creatively." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Ghastly Discovery: Korrigans, spirits bound to sources of water, shriek when they come upon their own drowned corpses.
Ghastly Haunting: The body often twists and flails spasmodically as the spirit explores its new home.
Ghazbán Ogre: "We were holding our own—until the ogre guiding us suddenly grinned and turned on our commander." / —Ivra Jursdotter, Sarpadian mercenary
Ghitu Fire-Eater: "They are called ‘Mi'uto,' which means ‘one use.'" / —Jhoira, artificer
Ghitu Fire-Eater: The Ghitu believe their race was born of fire, and it's an honor to return to it.
Ghitu Slinger: If you survive a slinger attack, the slinger wished you to live.
Ghitu War Cry: The war cry is not simply a shout but a sacrament.
Ghor-Clan Bloodscale: At mealtimes, the Gruul customarily omit such niceties as using forks or killing the entrée.
Ghor-Clan Rampager: "The Simic come from the cold slow depths. How could they understand the fire in a wild heart?" / —Kroshkar, Gruul shaman
Ghor-Clan Savage: The snap of sinew. The crunch of bone. A cry for mercy. These are the music of the Gruul.
Ghost Quarter: Deserted, but not uninhabited.
Ghost Quarter: Where wasted life cries out to be reborn.
Ghost Ship: "That phantom prow split the storm as lightning cast its long shadow on the battlefield below." / —Mireille Gaetane, The Valeriad
Ghost Ship: "That phantom prow split the storm as lightning cast its long shadow on the battlefield below." —Mireille Gaetane, The Valeriad
Ghost Tactician: Its ethereal hand confers a lifetime of experience with combat and steel.
Ghost Town: "The air here smells like a grave." / —Crovax
Ghost Warden: "I thought of fate as an iron lattice, intricate but rigidly unchangeable. That was until some force bent fate's bars to spare my life." / —Ilromov, traveling storyteller
Ghostfire Blade: If you fear the dragon's fire, you are unworthy to wield it.
Ghostfire: Only those gifted with the eye of Ugin, the spirit dragon, can see his fiery breath.
Ghostflame Sliver: "This breed is on the cusp of evolution. It burns away the markings that connect it to a queen that no longer heeds its call. It seeks a new master. Perhaps I can give it one." / —Freyalise
Ghostform: "There's no such thing as ‘impenetrable.'"
Ghostly Changeling: In desolate places, changelings may take the shape of fancies, or memories, or fears.
Ghostly Flame: "Walk slowly when in the nether world, and seek that which calls." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Ghostly Flicker: Sometimes it's useful to take a break from existence.
Ghostly Prison: "May the memory of our fallen heroes ensnare the violent hearts of lesser men." / —Great Threshold of Monserkat inscription
Ghostly Prison: Destroyed in one of the first battles of the Kami War, the town of Reito still grieved.
Ghostly Touch: "Geists wish to make themselves known. I'm merely the vessel for their efforts."
Ghostly Visit: Cao Cao was haunted to death by the ghosts of the empresses and other high courtiers he had murdered.
Ghosts of the Damned: The voices of the dead ring in the heart long after they have faded from the ears.
Ghosts of the Innocent: "Ma said we should offer up blini-cakes and salt to the good ones, but I get that chill up my spine and just shut the door." / —Otak, Tin Street shopkeep
Ghostway: "I watched its blade swing through me, but I was hollow, empty. I saw its face contort in rage but could not hear it snarl." / —Klattic, Boros legionnaire
Ghoul's Feast: Mercadians not wealthy enough to buy a tomb are thrown into a bog called "the Ghoul's Larder."
Ghoulcaller Gisa: "Geralf, must you always whine? I agreed to nothing. I'll raise ghouls anytime I wish."
Ghoulcaller's Bell: The bell's chime heralds the rise of the unhallowed from the grave and the fall of their victims into the earth.
Ghoulcaller's Chant: "The living are born small and weak. The dead rise ready to serve. The choice is obvious." / —Gisa, ghoulcaller of Gavony
Ghoulflesh: The body dies in stages. First the skin, then the muscle. The brain is last, much to the victim's dismay.
Ghoulraiser: "Come. Bring your brothers. Tonight, you feast on living flesh." / —Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Ghoultree: It uproots entire fengrafs to add to its twisted frame.
Giant Adephage: "To a creature like that, we must seem like, well, bugs." / —Dars Gostok, Firefist captain
Giant Ambush Beetle: It waits with absolute stillness. One might think it a statue if it weren't occasionally seen chewing on its victims.
Giant Badger: Disturb a sleeping badger and the snapping of your bones will awaken the countryside.
Giant Badger: The wizard Greensleeves called a Giant Badger to her aid in an battle with the desert mage Karli.
Giant Caterpillar: "‘I've seen hornworms big as a man's fist,' the traveler said, and nodded soberly when our jaws went slack at his ignorance." / —Afari, Tales
Giant Cockroach: If the sun ever hit the swamp, where would these scurry to?
Giant Cockroach: Toren had stepped on a lot of bugs during his life, so he couldn't help feeling embarrassed when a bug stepped on him.
Giant Crab: During the giant crabs' mating season, Skyshroud nights are filled with the clatter of their skirmishes.
Giant Fan: Only a villain would unleash a giant fan on anyone!
Giant Growth: "Here in Fyndhorn, the goddess Freyalise is generous to her children." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Giant Growth: "Here in Fyndhorn, the goddess Freyalise is generous to her children." / —Kolbjörn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Giant Growth: "The prohibition of unnecessary tossing of the citizenry by giants shall also extend to spontaneous giants." / —Isperia's Edict, provision VII.789.2
Giant Mantis: "I hate insects of every sort. The only mercy is that they are generally small." / —Mwani, Mtenda goatherd
Giant Octopus: "Before my eyes was a horrible monster, worthy to figure in the legends of the marvellous. . . . Its eight arms, or rather feet, fixed to its head . . . were twice as long as its body, and were twisted like the furies' hair." / —Jules Verne, Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea, trans. Lewis
Giant Octopus: At the sight of the thing the calamari vendor's eyes went wide, but from fear or avarice none could tell.
Giant Octopus: The only thing that flows faster than water is fear.
Giant Scorpion: Its sting hurts, but death is strangely painless.
Giant Solifuge: "We respect all lifeforms, but this one we respect from a distance." / —Mandor, Selesnya ranger
Giant Spider: "It has a quickness about it that seems unnatural for its large size, yet its hunger is about right." / —Endril, Kalonian naturalist
Giant Spider: "The wild is always changing, but it does have a few constants." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Giant Spider: "When I trained under Multani, he bade me sit for hours watching Yavimaya's spiders. From them I learned stealth, patience, and the best way to snare a wind drake." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Giant Spider: It's not far into the trap, as the crow flies.
Giant Spider: The giant spider's silk naturally resists gravity, almost weaving itself as it blankets the forest canopy.
Giant Spider: Watching the spider's web / —Llanowar expression meaning / "focusing on the wrong thing"
Giant Spider: While it possesses potent venom, the Giant Spider often chooses not to paralyze its victims. Perhaps the creature enjoys the gentle rocking motion caused by its captives' struggles to escape its web.
Giant Spider: While it possesses potent venom, the giant spider often chooses not to paralyze its victims. Perhaps the creature enjoys the gentle rocking motion caused by its captives' struggles to escape its web.
Giant Strength: "Crovax seems filled only with shadows," thought Orim. "Where does his strength come from?"
Giant Strength: "O! it is excellent / To have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous / To use it like a giant." / —William Shakespeare, / Measure for Measure
Giant Strength: "O! it is excellent / To have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous / To use it like a giant." / —William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure
Giant Strength: "O! it is excellent/ To have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous/ To use it like a giant." —William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure
Giant Trap Door Spider: "So large and so quiet—a combination best avoided." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Giant Turtle: "The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks/ Which practically conceal its sex./ I think it clever of the turtle/ In such a fix to be so fertile." —Ogden Nash, "The Turtle"
Giant Warthog: "When the Ancestor saw the cruelty her human children were capable of, Her fury shook the world. From this outburst sprang the warthogs." / —Nomad myth
Giant's Ire: The only feeling greater than hurling something a mile is crushing something else with it that was really, really irritating you.
Gibbering Hyenas: Hyenas laughing—what's the joke? / —Femeref phrase meaning / "that's not funny"
Gideon's Avenger: "The good don't sit and wait for the evil to act. They prepare to defend. They prepare to punish."
Gideon's Lawkeeper: "The essence of a lawful society is swift deterrence."
Gift of Granite: The blessing adds both protection to the recipient and weightlessness to the stone.
Gift of Orzhova: "Remember by whose gift you ascend." / —Milana, Orzhov prelate
Gifts Given: "Thanks! You shouldn't have."
Gigantomancer: "All life is driven by an indomitable will to survive. I simply turn that into something more . . . tangible."
Gild: Merchants of the Underworld trade in coins of clay. Gold serves another purpose.
Gilded Drake: Buyer beware.
Gilded Light: "Whoever survives the first blow lives to land the second."
Gilded Lotus: Over such beauty, wars are fought. With such power, wars are won.
Gilder Bairn: Do the glowing trinkets show it the way home, or do they set a twisted path for someone else to follow?
Gilt-Leaf Archdruid: "In our hands, the natural world finds more beauty than nature alone could ever provide."
Gilt-Leaf Palace: Dawn's Light, greatest palace of Gilt-Leaf Wood, is built on tiers of wood and power.
Gilt-Leaf Seer: Desmera blinded her seers so that her beauty would be the last image burned in their memories. The act only deepened their insight.
Giltspire Avenger: "To trespass so far from home is to ask for a lonesome grave."
Gitaxian Probe: "My flesh holds no secrets, monster. The spirit of Mirrodin will fight on." / —Vy Covalt, Mirran resistance
Gix: Through ruthlessness and raw ambition, Gix rose through the Phyrexian regime to the exalted rank of praetor. Even while overseeing many of Phyrexia's most important undertakings, Gix continues his own quest for supremacy . . . for in Phyrexia, the weak become fodder for the strong.
Glacial Crevasses: "We were chasing Lim-Dûl when the ridge in front of us suddenly crumbled. I can't believe it was mere coincidence." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Glacial Crevasses: "We were chasing Lim-Dûl when the ridge in front of us suddenly crumbled. I can't believe it was mere coincidence." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Glacial Stalker: "Have you spent a winter high in the mountains, where the ice walks and speaks to the wind? It is not a place for those who have not learned respect." / —Ulnok, Temur shaman
Glacial Wall: "As we neared, Belfar proclaimed the wall to be made of glass and went forward to prove it. We had no choice but to pull his hands free from where he had touched it, leaving flesh palmprints on the icy wall." / —Tross, Vainus Expedition leader
Glacial Wall: "Huge walls of ice block further travel. We can't believe they are natural." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Glacial Wall: "We are farther west than any could have imagined possible, but I still wish to press on. Unfortunately, huge walls of ice block further travel. We can't believe they are natural." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Glacial Wall: Like arguing with ice / —Vodalian expression meaning / "wasting your time"
Glaciers: "Even the highest mountain can be ground to dust." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Glade Gnarr: Long thought merely a legend, the appearance of the gnarr was seen by the defenders as a sign of good luck.
Gladecover Scout: "The forest is my cover and I hold it close. In such a tight embrace, there is no room for wickedness."
Glare of Heresy: No foe is more hated than the former friend.
Glare of Subdual: The righteous light of Selesnya is channeled through the devout, striking out to blind the nonbelievers.
Glass Asp: Its venom induces a fever that causes its victims to relive the attack in recurring, haunting visions.
Glass Golem: Izzet artificers have learned to steer their beautiful constructs clear of Boros warhammers—and the opera house.
Glaze Fiend: Before the zealots of the Ethersworn came to power, Esper illusionists dreamed up creations to mimic a variety of substances.
Gleam of Battle: Every soldier returns from battle changed: by hardship, by blood, by a glimpse of glory.
Gleemax: Help us . . . R&D under mental domination of alien brain in jar . . . only chance . . . Gleemax's blatant disregard for flavor text . . . send help
Glen Elendra Liege: Those who displease Oona soon learn the extent of the armies she commands.
Glen Elendra Pranksters: Victims spirited through a faerie ring find themselves stranded miles away.
Glimmerdust Nap: The dreams of giants are as long as time and as deep as the earth. Thus they are prized by the dream-harvesting fae.
Glimmering Angel: "We turned to see where the blow came from and saw only a distant light." / —Capashen lord
Glimmerpost: What once spied upon Mirrodin from above now waits below for another to assume control.
Glimmervoid: An empty canvas holds infinite possibilities.
Glimpse of Nature: Dosan sat in repose for many hours. He made no motion, no sound at all. And as he sat, nature revealed itself to him.
Glimpse the Future: "No simple coin toss can solve this riddle. You must think and choose wisely." / —Shai Fusan, archmage
Glimpse the Sun God: Better to be beneath Heliod's notice than beneath his heel.
Glimpse the Unthinkable: "I am confident that if anyone actually penetrates our facades, even the most perceptive would still be fundamentally unprepared for the truth of House Dimir." / —Szadek
Glint Hawk: Its eyes burned nearly blind by the Whitesun, it hunts by metallic gleam.
Glint-Eye Nephilim: When it awoke, it shook the plane with the thunder of its craving.
Glintwing Invoker: The Mirari flares in his mind.
Glissa Sunseeker: "There's a secret at the heart of this world, and I will unlock it."
Glissa's Courier: "So, the survivors from Oxid Ridge are on the move. Let them come and witness predation in its purest form." / —Glissa
Glissa's Scorn: "If it were fit to survive, it wouldn't have been so easily put down." / —Glissa
Glistener Elf: "Beg me for life, and I will fill you with the glory of Phyrexian perfection."
Glitterfang: "Through the veil's rip spilled hundreds of minor kami, rushing over the battlefield like embers from a kicked campfire. Then they were gone." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Glittering Wish: She wished for gold, but not for the strength to carry it.
Global Ruin: "The earth shook, the sky rained fire, and it seemed the world was ending." / —Benalish refugee
Gloom Surgeon: He roams the streets of Havengul seeking the sick and delirious so that he may cure them of their lives.
Gloomhunter: Scavengers both mundane and magical follow in its wake, feeding on the scraps of flesh and spirit it leaves behind.
Gloomlance: Death stings the victim only once, but those left behind feel the pain of loss with every passing memory.
Gloomwidow's Feast: Each night, gloomwidows cull fresh prey for their ravenous hatchlings.
Gloomwidow: The abandoned towns on the moors didn't stay empty for long.
Gloomwidow: When gloomwidows mature, they abandon venom in favor of massive webs that span the eaves of cliffs.
Glorious Anthem: "North and South meet and angels sing. / Voices resound with a righteous ring." / —"The Ballad of the Paladins"
Glorious Anthem: Each victory adds a new verse.
Glorious Anthem: Once heard, the battle song of an angel becomes part of the listener forever.
Glorious Anthem: The songs of angels are perceived not as words in the ears but as stirrings in the soul.
Glorious Charge: "One's blade is only as sharp as one's conviction." / —Ajani Goldmane
Glory Seeker: "There's no contract to sign, no oath to swear. The enlistment procedure is to unsheathe your sword and point it at the enemy."
Glory Seeker: The turning of the tide always begins with one soldier's decision to head back into the fray.
Glory of Warfare: "Their hopes dashed on our shields! Their victory slashed by our swords!"
Glory: "Glory was gone; Glory was everywhere." / —Scroll of Beginnings
Gloryscale Viashino: "This is a new world and a new war. We need warriors who know chaos and how to combat it." / —Lisha of the Azure
Glowering Rogon: A herd of one.
Glowing Anemone: Beautiful to behold, terrible to be held.
Glowrider: "It is not yet time."
Gluttonous Cyclops: The cyclops had learned to never eat a shepherd. Instead he gently flung the "pit" aside to grow a new flock.
Gluttonous Slime: On Jund, everything eventually ends up in something else's stomach.
Gluttonous Zombie: Greed and gluttony led him to death. Now they are his greatest assets.
Glyph of Doom: "He knows he has a short span of life, that the day will come when he must pass through the wall of oblivion . . ." —William Faulkner
Glyph of Life: Any wall can be battered down, but at what cost?
Gnarled Effigy: "Bits of fallen scarecrow, laces of elfskin leather, teeth of an axeshark merrow . . . An industrious soul can find new uses for the most mundane items." / —Mowagh the Gwyllion
Gnarled Mass: "On the fifty-seventh day of the Battle of Silk, the bell again tolled in hopes of summoning mortal aid. This time, a new breed of kami rose to answer its call." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Gnat Alley Creeper: Despite its diminutive name, Gnat Alley is the longest street in Ravnica. Mile after twisting mile, it threads its way among the broader, safer thoroughfares like a parasite.
Gnat Miser: Nezumi insect-shamans enjoyed solitary lives, which was fortunate since no other nezumi could stand to live within half a mile of their foul stench.
Gnathosaur: Mirran creatures that could withstand the Phyrexian oil found an abundance of crunchy snacks.
Gnawing Zombie: On still nights you can hear its rotted teeth grinding tirelessly on scavenged bones.
Go for the Throat: Having flesh is increasingly a liability on Mirrodin.
Goatnapper: Kith goats are just for practice. The real prize, of course, is a giant's cloudgoat.
Gobbling Ooze: The furious citizens blamed the Simic for releasing it in their district. The Simic pointed out that rats were no longer a problem.
Gobhobbler Rats: Lyzolda's pet rats eat better than the average citizen. In fact, they can usually be found eating the average citizen.
Goblin Archaeologist: Always easily impressed, Durg was about to be blown away.
Goblin Arsonist: With great power comes great risk of getting yourself killed.
Goblin Artillery: Most goblins get their turn firing the catapult, but few achieve the coveted title of Ammunition Holder.
Goblin Assassin: The more victims he kills, the more likely he is to get the right one.
Goblin Assault: A goblin raid is a delicate gambit—a blend of stealth, precision, and screaming death.
Goblin Balloon Brigade: "From up here we can drop rocks and arrows and more rocks!" "Uh, yeah boss, but how do we get down?"
Goblin Balloon Brigade: "From up here we can drop rocks and arrows and more rocks!" / "Uh, yeah boss, but how do we get down?"
Goblin Balloon Brigade: "The enemy is getting too close! Quick! Inflate the toad!"
Goblin Balloon Brigade: They patched the holes, loaded their sharpest rocks, spanked their children one last time, and lurched off into the sunset.
Goblin Battle Jester: Somehow goblins found a tactical advantage by sending a clown to war.
Goblin Berserker: Goblins don't know the meaning of the word "tactics"—or the word "meaning," for that matter.
Goblin Bombardment: One mogg to aim the catapult, one mogg to steer the rock.
Goblin Bombardment: With one motion, a pest is removed and a scourge inflicted.
Goblin Bookie: "Glok loved bets! He'd sit in the bar all night an' laugh an' laugh. Hey—he still owes me." / —Squee, goblin casino hand
Goblin Bowling Team: Flog was out of his league—this game wasn't up his alley, but the team couldn't spare him if he split.
Goblin Brawler: Perhaps he shuns technology. Perhaps he appreciates nature. Perhaps he doesn't know the difference.
Goblin Brigand: After the Skirk Ridge collapsed, the goblins erected a system of ropes and pulleys to hold up what was left.
Goblin Brigand: Like a loaded cannon—point and shoot.
Goblin Bully: It's easy to stand head and shoulders over those with no backbone.
Goblin Cadets: "If you kids don't stop that racket, I'm turning this expedition around right now!"
Goblin Cannon: Goblin cannon crews are known not for their aim but for their ability to dive for cover.
Goblin Cavaliers: They get along so well with their goats because they're practically goats themselves.
Goblin Caves: The stench of countless generations of unspeakable activities was enough to loosen both our footing and our stomachs.
Goblin Chariot: The hardest part of his training is learning not to eat the boar.
Goblin Chariot: They have to replace the wheels, they have to replace the boar, and sometimes they have to replace the goblin.
Goblin Chieftain: "It's time for the ‘Smash, Smash' song!"
Goblin Chieftain: "We are goblinkind, heirs to the mountain empires of chieftains past. Rest is death to us, and arson is our call to war."
Goblin Chirurgeon: "I asked one of my aides how they do it, but all he'd say was, ‘Trust me, Mayor, you don't want to know.'" / —Lydia Wynforth, Mayor of Trokair
Goblin Chirurgeon: "Perhaps Goblins are good for something after all." / —Attributed to General Khurzog
Goblin Chirurgeon: "Perhaps goblins are good for something after all." / —General Khurzog
Goblin Chirurgeon: The Chirurgeons patched up their fallen comrades with a gruesome mix of twisted limbs and mangled flesh.
Goblin Clearcutter: "Did you know that wood burns even better than rocks?" / —Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Goblin Cohort: Akki shells provided good protection when downhill charging became headlong tumbling.
Goblin Commando: With a commando around, somebody's gonna get hurt.
Goblin Deathraiders: Every once in a while, when they aren't getting incinerated in lava, crushed under rock slides, or devoured by dragons, goblins experience moments of unmitigated glory in battle.
Goblin Digging Team: "Dig. Dig. Dig. Dig. Dig. Dig. Die" / —Goblin chant
Goblin Digging Team: "From down here we can make the whole wall collapse!" "Uh, yeah, boss, but how do we get out?"
Goblin Digging Team: "From down here we can make the whole wall collapse!" / "Uh, yeah, boss, but how do we get out?"
Goblin Diplomats: When you need to convey that special kind of message.
Goblin Electromancer: When asked how much power is required, Izzet mages always answer "more."
Goblin Elite Infantry: They talk a good fight.
Goblin Elite Infantry: We're elite. You're not. / —Infantry motto
Goblin Festival: "What are we celebratin' again?"
Goblin Firebug: Most goblins leave behind a wake of destruction. A few goblins take one with them.
Goblin Fireslinger: A rock between your eyes hurts. A burning rock between your eyes ruins your whole day.
Goblin Flectomancer: Rerouting magic through a goblin's brain is the surest way to throw it wildly off course.
Goblin Flotilla: Exceptionally poor sailors, Goblins usually arrived at their destination retching and in no condition to fight.
Goblin Furrier: Clambering up and over the powdery slope, the goblin chanced upon a small furry thing. There they regarded each other: the goblin and his new pair of earmuffs.
Goblin Gardener: "Grow food in dirt? Save time—eat dirt."
Goblin Gardener: Years of attempts have brought the goblins no closer to growing a sausage tree.
Goblin Gaveleer: "When everything looks like a nail, you really need to get yourself a hammer." / —Krol, goblin furnace-priest
Goblin General: Lead, follow, or run around like crazy.
Goblin General: Lead, follow, or run like crazy.
Goblin Glider: "What's got two arms, one wing, and no brains?" / —Ghitu riddle
Goblin Glider: The goblins call the gliders "death from above." Everyone else calls them "clods in the clouds."
Goblin Goon: Giant-sized body. Goblin-sized brain.
Goblin Grappler: Daru soldiers learned it's better to have a clean death from a sharp blade than to tangle with a goblin's rusted chains.
Goblin Grenade: "According to accepted theory, the Grenade held some kind of flammable mixture and was carried to its target by a hapless Goblin." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Goblin Grenade: "According to accepted theory, the grenade held some kind of flammable mixture and was carried to its target by a hapless goblin." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Goblin Grenade: "I don't suppose we could teach them to throw the cursed things?" / —Ivra Jursdotter
Goblin Grenade: "Without their massive numbers, the Goblins could never have launched such a successful offensive." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Goblin Grenade: Don't underestimate the aerodynamic qualities of the common goblin.
Goblin Grenadiers: For once, Squee realized, he wasn't the dumb one.
Goblin Guide: "I've been all over this world. I even remember some of those places."
Goblin Hero: "When you're a goblin, you don't have to step forward to be a hero—everyone else just has to step back!" / —Biggum Flodrot, goblin veteran
Goblin Hero: "When you're a goblin, you don't have to step forward to be a hero—everyone else just has to step back" / —Biggum Flodrot, goblin veteran
Goblin Hero: They attacked in an orgy of rage and madness, but only one seemed as focused on killing us as on the sheer joy of battle.
Goblin Hero: When you're a goblin, you don't have to step forward to be a hero—everyone else just has to step back.
Goblin Kaboomist: Designed by Stone Librande
Goblin King: To be king, Numsgil did in Blog, who did in Unkful, who did in Viddle, who did in Loll, who did in Alrok . . . .
Goblin King: To be king, Numsgil did in Blog, who did in Unkful, who did in Viddle, who did in Loll, who did in Alrok . . . ."
Goblin King: To be king, Numsgil did in Blog, who did in Unkful, who did in Viddle, who did in Loll, who did in Alrok. . . .
Goblin King: To become king of the Goblins, one must assassinate the previous king. Thus, only the most foolish seek positions of leadership.
Goblin Lackey: All bark, someone else's bite.
Goblin Lackey: At the first sign of enemy scouts, Jula grinned and strapped on his diplomacy helmet.
Goblin Lookout: "Throw rocks at 'em Throw spears at 'em Throw Furt at 'em"
Goblin Lore: "I done forgot more than you'll ever know, pipsqueak." / "Yeah—that's your problem."
Goblin Lore: "Now listen closely, my young gob. There are many ways to eat pimple bugs, but I say the best way is all smashed together between two slug chips."
Goblin Masons: "Goblins build with true zeal—and anything else within arm's reach."
Goblin Matron: There's always room for one more.
Goblin Medics: "First, do some harm." / —Oath of Goblins
Goblin Mime: Mung noticed a few clouds gathering in the sky. Perhaps today he could perform his "walking against the wind" routine.
Goblin Mime: Pretending to be inside an invisible box was easy enough for Brug. It was finding the invisible door that caused him problems.
Goblin Mountaineer: Goblin lairs sit high in Jund's mountains. This gives the goblins easy access to the sacrificial peaks above and lets them build up a head of steam before attacking prey down below.
Goblin Mountaineer: Goblin mountaineer, barely keeps his family fed.
Goblin Mountaineer: The only thing worse than a goblin is a goblin that knows his way around.
Goblin Mutant: If only it had three brains, too.
Goblin Offensive: They certainly are.
Goblin Outlander: Egbol stared in wonder at Naya's landscape. So much to eat. So much to steal.
Goblin Patrol: "Take the sharp metal stick and make a lotta holes." / —Jula, goblin raider
Goblin Piker: Once he'd worked out which end of the thing was sharp, he was promoted to guard duty.
Goblin Piledriver: Throw enough goblins at any problem and it should go away. At the very least, there'll be fewer goblins.
Goblin Psychopath: The destruction he causes is nothing next to the chaos in his mind.
Goblin Pyromancer: "The good news is, we figured out how the wand works. The bad news is, we figured out how the wand works."
Goblin Raider: "I seen lots o' fights. To win ya gotta bash hard and not get bashed back." / —Goblin grunt
Goblin Raider: He was proud to wear the lizard skin around his waist, just for the fun of annoying the enemy.
Goblin Raider: He's smart for a goblin. He can do two things: hit and run.
Goblin Rally: You don't so much hire goblins as put ideas in their heads.
Goblin Razerunners: Finding themselves in a new and unexplored world, they immediately set it on fire.
Goblin Recruiter: "Next!"
Goblin Replica: It destroys with unthinking glee.
Goblin Rimerunner: Rimerunners set off avalanches to immobilize foes as well as to create more challenging slopes.
Goblin Roughrider: Astride the bucking creature, Gribble hurtled down the mountainside while his Grotag brethren cheered. It was at that moment that legend of the Skrill Tamer was born.
Goblin Roughrider: Astride the bucking creature, Gribble hurtled down the mountainside while his Grotag brethren cheered. It was at that moment that the legend of the Skrill Tamer was born.
Goblin S.W.A.T. Team: They put the "special" in special weapons and tactics.
Goblin Scouts: "Pathetic—like I wouldn't know a goblin painted up to look like a dwarf!" / —Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Goblin Secret Agent: SECRET AGENT / PD042198 / LICENSE TO BE KILLED
Goblin Settler: Be it ever so crumbled, there's no place like home.
Goblin Shortcutter: "Goblins are cheap, but be careful. It's a lot easier to steal from a corpse than a customer." / —Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Goblin Shortcutter: "I'm not running away! I'm figuring out the best routes."
Goblin Shrine: "I knew it weren't no ordinary pile of—you know." —Norin the Wary
Goblin Ski Patrol: "AIIIEEEE!" / —Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Goblin Ski Patrol: "AIIIEEEE!" / —Ib Halfheart, goblin tactician
Goblin Sky Raider: The goblin word for "flying" is more accurately translated as "falling slowly."
Goblin Skycutter: He takes out his fear of heights on anything above his head.
Goblin Sledder: "Let's play ‘sled.' Here's how it works: you're the sled."
Goblin Snowman: "Strength in numbers? Right." / —Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Goblin Snowman: "Strength in numbers? Right." / —Ib Halfheart, goblin tactician
Goblin Soothsayer: "I see a great victory and rivers of blood. And . . . hmm, looks like a spleen." / —Grishnak, goblin soothsayer
Goblin Spelunkers: "It only short jump. You go first." / "AIIIEEEE!" / "Hmm . . . we go different way now."
Goblin Spelunkers: Chimney sweeps, explorers of abandoned buildings, spire climbers . . . goblin spelunkers have found countless niches within Ravnica's metropolis.
Goblin Spelunkers: Goblins prefer caves to just about anything else. Caves prefer just about anything else to goblins.
Goblin Spy: "Isn't he on our side?" / "Yep." / "Why's he spyin' on us?" / "Don't ask."
Goblin Striker: There's no word in the goblin language for "strategy." Then again, there's no word in the goblin language for "word."
Goblin Swine-Rider: "May you get the mount you deserve." / —Suq'Ata curse
Goblin Taskmaster: For some reason, goblin fighting school isn't as crowded on day two.
Goblin Test Pilot: "All pilots and prototypes destroyed. Extensive collateral damage inflicted. Conclusion: flawless design." / —Manual of Melek
Goblin Tinkerer: "Can they do that?" / —Imwita, Zhalfirin artificer, last words
Goblin Trenches: The ground rose and formed into thousands of tiny warriors. This fight was far from over.
Goblin Tunneler: "The best way over the mountain is through."
Goblin Tunneler: "You never know what's going to be in goblin tunnels. Even in the best case, there will still be goblins." / —Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Goblin Turncoat: "Goblins won't betray their own kind for any price. They'll do it for a very specific price." / —Phage the Untouchable
Goblin War Cry: "Goblins cry, soldiers fly. / Stones fly, soldiers die!"
Goblin War Drums: "Defending the outer trenches, we strained our eyes in the darkness. All we could hear was the Drums' terrible pounding. Dobbs, on my right, broke first. Soon, we were all heading for the walls." / —Corporal Peter Douglas, courtmartial testimony
Goblin War Drums: "Goblins charge with a deafening war cry. The cry doesn't mean anything—it just drowns out the drums!" / —Reod Dai, mercenary
Goblin War Drums: "The Goblins' dreaded War Drums struck terror into the hearts of even their bravest foes." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Goblin War Drums: The War Drums enabled Goblin and Orcish armies to crush the sparsely defended Dwarven cities.
Goblin War Drums: The goblin idea of music is to hit something with a stick.
Goblin War Drums: When creating a new War Drum, Goblin designers sought out the highest quality skulls. Serra Angel skulls were most highly prized, although most acknowledged that the skull of the exotic Sea Serpent made for a richer tone.
Goblin War Paint: "The secret to our war paint is hot peppers and stinkbugs. Lots of stinkbugs." / —Skab, goblin secretkeeper
Goblin War Paint: War paint made from kolya fruit heightens senses and lessens fear. Unfortunately, fear is usually what keeps you alive.
Goblin War Strike: "Fire, aim, ready"
Goblin Warchief: They poured from the Skirk Ridge like lava, burning and devouring everything in their path.
Goblin Wardriver: "A true warrior fights with whatever's handy." / —Qerk of the Secret Warren
Goblin Warrens: "Goblins bred underground, their numbers hidden from the enemy until it was too late." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Goblin Warrens: "Goblins bred underground, their numbers hidden from the enemy until it was too late." —Sarpadian Empires, vol. IV
Goblin Welder: "I wrecked your metal guy, boss. But look! I made you an ashtray."
Goblinslide: Goblins, like snowflakes, are only dangerous in numbers.
God-Favored General: Someone had to be first to attack, but he was not alone for long.
Godhead of Awe: "What she saw crawling upon this world repulsed her. Yet she could not tear her gaze away." / —The Seer's Parables
Godhunter Octopus: "I will match Thassa drop for drop and show a god what true power is." / —Kiora
Godless Shrine: Judgment without hope.
Godo's Irregulars: Godo trained their muscles and honed their skills, but he left their hearts wild and empty.
Gods Willing: Honor the gods of Theros, and they will return the favor.
Gods' Eye, Gate to the Reikai: Listen at its walls and you will hear the whispers of gods.
Godsire: "Lay sacrifice to the godsire that it may spare us, but save some for his progeny who also will hunger." / —Syeena, elvish godtoucher
Godtoucher: "Gargantuans die not in moments but in moons. There is still time to aid this noble ancient."
Godtracker of Jund: "The behemoths are content to graze like cattle, while dragons rage and conquer. I know which example I'll follow."
Gold Myr: The leonin thought of the myr as omens, never imagining the sinister fate they foretold.
Gold Myr: The myr are like razorgrass: numberless metal figures, reflecting each other's light.
Gold-Forged Sentinel: Blessed by the gods. Coveted by mortals. Beholden to neither.
Golden Bear: The elvish scout was scrupulous about the truth. She told the traders that gold lay nearby.
Golden Hind: "It is not yours to hunt, mortal. Be content with its beauty alone." / —Nylea, god of the hunt
Golden Wish: She wished for nobility, but not for a nation to honor it.
Goldenglow Moth: "Little moth, fluttering bright, / What luck will you bring tonight?" / —Benalish children's rhyme
Goldenglow Moth: Ordinary moths follow it, drawn to its light.
Goldenhide Ox: The temptation to take the ox's golden hide is as irresistible as it is fatal.
Goldmeadow Dodger: "I've gotten close enough to a giant to smell his breath, but none has ever so much as spotted me. I wonder how long my record can extend?"
Goldmeadow Harrier: "It's a proven fact that sling-stones from the dawn side of the riverbank sail the farthest and truest." / —Deagan, cenn of Burrenton
Goldmeadow Stalwart: The thoughtweft ties a clachan together. Sharing each other's hopes and fears, all the village's citizens spring into action upon the first threat to any one of them.
Goldnight Commander: "One faith, but many hands in victory."
Goldnight Redeemer: The Host sings of Avacyn's return without a single verse about its own suffering.
Golem Artisan: Better living through metallurgy.
Golem's Heart: The heart of a golem gives life to more than just the iron husk around it.
Golgari Charm: "Let the rest of Ravnica sneer. One way or another, they all end up in the undercity." / —Jarad
Golgari Cluestone: Golgari mold collects whispers, intelligence that is later harvested by Jarad and his high chancellors.
Golgari Germination: The Golgari don't bury their dead. They plant them.
Golgari Guildgate: Enter those who are starving and sick. You are welcome among the Swarm when the rest of Ravnica rejects you.
Golgari Guildgate: Every part of the gate was reclaimed from forgotten ruins and imbued with new purpose by the Swarm.
Golgari Keyrune: Like a single ant, it only hints at the colony below.
Golgari Longlegs: Despite its enormous stature, it can fold itself into a tunnel with startling quickness, vanishing back into the undercity.
Golgari Rotwurm: Like corpse-worms through a carapace, rotwurms slide through the hollowed bones of the undercity.
Golgari Signet: Depending on your point of view, the seal represents a proud guardian of the natural cycle or one who has sold her soul to darkness for eternal life.
Golgothian Sylex: From their earliest educations, the brothers had known that no human contrivance could stand against the true masters of Dominia.
Goliath Beetle: The balance of nature dictates that one day humans will be stepped on by bugs.
Goliath Sphinx: He makes his home on the tallest mountain in Sejiri, where the vista is as endless as his patience.
Goliath Spider: The glittering strands of its complex web catch everything from a buzzing gnat to a passing bloatdrake.
Gomazoa: To explorers, "point man" is a polite way of saying "gomazoa fodder."
Gore Vassal: "Rid them of their unfaithful organs. Bring new hearts to the unbelievers." / —Tome of Machines, verse 1703
Gore-House Chainwalker: If the pig's blood drips on you, you're next on the chain.
Gorehorn Minotaurs: Some of the eleven minotaur clans of Mirtiin are expert crafters and learned philosophers. Others just like to hit stuff.
Goretusk Firebeast: As a youth, Kamahl took one for a pet. His hair has yet to grow back.
Gorger Wurm: In war-torn Alara, sometimes a wurm's gullet is the safest place to be.
Gorgon's Head: "You slew the gorgon? Show me." / —King Igalus, last words
Gorilla Berserkers: "Beneath serenity may lie /  a hidden rage." / —Jaeuhl Carthalion, / Juniper Order Advocate
Gorilla Berserkers: "Their fury is their greatest weapon." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Gorilla Chieftain: "In the soil of leadership sprout the seeds of immortality." / —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper
Gorilla Chieftain: "In the soil of leadership sprout the seeds of immortality." / —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Gorilla Chieftain: "Oh, no—not you again?" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Gorilla Chieftain: A gorilla chief must always be prepared to defend his crown. This leads to some pretty tough apes.
Gorilla Pack: "We learned this at a dear price: once you cross the great river, get through the Yavimaya forest at top speed." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Gorilla Shaman: "Each generation teaches the next that artifice is the enemy of natural order." / —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Gorilla Shaman: "Each generation teaches the next that artifice is the enemy of natural order." / —Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Gorilla Shaman: "Frankly, destruction is best left to professionals." / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Gorilla Titan: "I want a banana this big!"
Gorilla War Cry: "The only ‘art' these beasts possess is the art of noise"Jaya Ballard
Gorilla War Cry: "Theirs is the art of blood."Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order Advocate
Gorilla Warrior: The gorilla beat its chest and threw great handfuls of leaves into the air. It howled challenge and showed its teeth. The mechanical soldier, not understanding, simply killed it.
Gorilla Warrior: They were formidable even before they learned the use of weapons.
Gossamer Chains: "Harah swung his sword mightily, but still the air held him fast." / —Azeworai, "Kenechi's Dream"
Gossamer Phantasm: "Belief matters more than truth. Every moment, belief in imaginary things alters lives while truth sits unnoticed and waits." / —Hakim, Loreweaver
Graceful Adept: "When you have mastered my lessons, it will seem as though the whole of the world has opened up to your mind and nothing is beyond your grasp." / —Lady Azami
Graceful Reprieve: "In my moment of death, I had a vision of the world, dark and unwelcoming. I wanted to hide in the deepest meander, but the light pulled me back."
Grafdigger's Cage: "If you wind up in one of mine, you can be sure as silver it will be your last." / —Grafdigger Wulmer
Grafted Skullcap: "Every day, I fight for my life and win. Every night, I fight to remember my name and lose."
Grafted Skullcap: "Let go your mind. Mine is fitter." / —Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Grand Abolisher: "Your superstitions and mumblings are useless chaff before my righteousness."
Grand Arbiter Augustin IV: The Arbiter is a conduit of justice, a will so disciplined that it dispenses justice without ego or remorse.
Grand Melee: Hot blood washes away cold reason.
Grandmother Sengir: "Rarely have power and madness been so delightfully wed as they have in our dear Grandmother." / —Baron Sengir
Grandmother Sengir: "Rarely have power and madness been so delightfully wed as they have in our dear grandmother." / —Baron Sengir
Granger Guildmage: Leave no mouth agape, no stomach unfilled. / —Granger Guild maxim
Granite Gargoyle: "While most overworlders fortunately don't realize this, Gargoyles can be most delicious, providing you have the appropriate tools to carve them." / —The Underworld Cookbook, by Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar
Granite Gargoyle: "While most overworlders fortunately don't realize this, gargoyles can be most delicious, providing you have the appropriate tools to carve them." / —Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar, / The Underworld Cookbook
Granite Grip: "Let me introduce you to Rocky."
Granite Grip: There's beauty in the desert—but it's best to view it from afar.
Granite Shard: It's a piece of a world the goblins have never seen but would dearly like to blow up.
Granny's Payback: Few remember the exploits of Dakkon's grandmother, Eunice Blackblade.
Granny's Payback: R&D Comments / BB 10/10: Why does a life-gaining card show an old lady killing people? / MR (10/10/03): We'll fix it in the flavor text.
Granulate: There aren't that many ways to destroy a solid steel weapon, but somehow the goblins keep finding new ones.
Grapeshot Catapult: For years scholars debated whether these were Urza's or Mishra's creations. Recent research suggests they were invented by the brothers' original master, Tocasia, and that both used these devices.
Grapeshot Catapult: Recent research suggests these creatures were invented by Urza's and Mishra's original master, Tocasia, and that both brothers used them.
Grapeshot Catapult: The Southern Paladin taught the airborne vermin to fear the storm that rains upward.
Grapeshot: Mages often seek to emulate the powerful relics lost to time and apocalypse.
Graphic Violence: WARNING: THE DOMINARIAN SURGEON GENERAL HAS FOUND THAT SAVAGE BEATINGS CAN LEAD TO CHUMP BLOCKS, LIFE REDUCTION, AND EVEN GAME LOSS.
Grappler Spider: Creatures of the air wisely avoid the darkest regions of Guul Draz—which is why grappler spiders inhabit the few places touched by the sun's rays.
Grappling Hook: Part tool, part weapon, part of the kor.
Grasp of Darkness: On a world with five suns, night is compelled to become an aggressive force.
Grassland Crusader: "Everyone deserves a chance to live. My job is to make sure they get it."
Gratuitous Violence: Only the Cabal could make a fight to the death more deadly.
Grave Bramble: Nature abhors a zombie.
Grave Consequences: "You call that a nightmare?" / —Braids, dementia summoner
Grave Exchange: "It's a cold, dark journey either way." / —Eruth of Lambholt
Grave Pact: "The bonds of loyalty can tie one to the grave." / —Crovax
Grave Pact: "The bonds of loyalty can tie one to the grave." / —Crovax, ascendant evincar
Grave Peril: "Sometimes the grave does not wait for death before relishing its feast of flesh and bones." / —Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Grave Robbers: "If you don't have your health, you don't have anything." —Proverb
Grave Servitude: "I no longer believe in a final resting place." / —Shauku, Endbringer
Grave Sifter: It claws at the earth in a vain attempt to reclaim what it once was.
Grave Titan: Death in form and function.
Gravebane Zombie: "A zombie's bed must be a lumpy one or he wouldn't leave it so often." / —Rana, Suq'Ata market fool
Gravebind: One foot in the grave, / firmly planted.
Graveborn Muse: "Her voice is damnation, unyielding and certain." / —Phage the Untouchable
Gravecrawler: "Innistrad's ghoulcallers are talented enough, but let me show you what someone with real power can create." / —Liliana Vess
Gravedigger: A full coffin is like a full coffer-both are attractive to thieves.
Gravedigger: A full coffin is like a full coffer—both are attractive to thieves.
Gravedigger: A grave is not always for burial.
Gravedigger: His grim ritual ushers the dead to their new life.
Gravedigger: Oddly, no one questioned the Cabal's wisdom in hiring a zombie to work at the cemetery.
Gravedigger: Only a thin layer of dirt separates civilization from an undead apocalypse.
Gravelgill Axeshark: "Their sharp scales would make good armor, if they'd just stay dead." / —Taeryn, cinder armorkeep
Graven Cairns: "Here did the Extinguisher steal the light from the world. Here will we sacrifice her to bring the Great Rekindling to our people." / —Illulia of Nighthearth
Graven Cairns: Shamans of Kar-Sengir claim that their sun sets because it can no longer bear the gaze of those pain-carved cliffs.
Gravepurge: "The Blessed Sleep? Ha! Wake up my lovelies, there's work to be done!" / —Gisa, ghoulcaller of Gavony
Graverobber Spider: Cloaks woven from its webs are durable and waterproof but said to bring on nightmares.
Gravespawn Sovereign: The Cabal never expected its creations to create servants of their own.
Gravetiller Wurm: As the creatures of the night closed in on humanity, Innistrad's primeval forces stirred, as though waking to watch the slaughter.
Graveyard Shovel: Thanks to Havengul's thriving illegal market for corpses, the shovel that interred a body during the day is usually the same one digging it out at night.
Gravitational Shift: As they awakened, the Eldrazi reasserted their mastery over all of Zendikar's natural forces.
Gravity Sphere: On the morning of the Battle of Gal-Shan, the Sorcerer's cry rang out: "Let no bird fly, let no creature take wing, let all the battle join as one."
Gravity Well: Storms spread throughout Oran-Rief, ripping the skies with wind and rain. Airborne creatures sought shelter where they could.
Graxiplon: "Attempts to revive this ancient species have not been entirely successful, but results indicate potential for future development." / —Riptide Project researcher
Gray Ogre: The Ogre philosopher Gnerdel believed the purpose of life was to live as high on the food chain as possible. She refused to eat vegetarians, and preferred to live entirely on creatures that preyed on sentient beings.
Gray Ogre: The Ogre philosopher Gnerdel believed the purpose of life was to live as high on the food chain as possible. She refused to eat vegetarians, preferring to live entirely on creatures that preyed on sentient beings.
Graypelt Hunter: He'll cleave wood and bone alike to carve a path for his allies.
Grayscaled Gharial: Each tooth carries enough bacteria to kill a person in a day or two. But then, gharials do have 138 teeth.
Grazing Gladehart: "Don't be fooled. If it were as docile as it looks, it would've died off long ago." / —Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Great Furnace: Kuldotha, wellspring of molten metal, temple of the goblin horde.
Great Hart: The great hart stood like a statue, its hide painted gold by the dawn. The Champion laid down her weapons and stepped forward within an arm's length of the beast. The hart, sacred to Heliod and bathed in the god's own light, bowed to the Champion, marking her as the Chosen of the Sun God. / —The Theriad
Great Sable Stag: Ineffable and incorruptible.
Great Whale: "As a great whale dies, it flips onto its back. And so an island is born." / —Mariners' legend
Greatbow Doyen: "My arrows will ever find you."
Greater Auramancy: A delicate veil of glamers can prove as sturdy as iron.
Greater Basilisk: Bone, stone . . . both taste the same to a hungry basilisk.
Greater Forgeling: Few have seen the inner workings of Ravnica's furnaces, but neighboring districts catch brief glimpses in the horrors that escape the flames.
Greater Good: "To examine the causes of life, we must first have recourse to death." / —Mary Shelley, Frankenstein
Greater Good: "We have more sprouts than they have hands." / —Gamelen, Citanul elder
Greater Mossdog: Man's best fungus.
Greater Stone Spirit: Having charted their way up the difficult face, the two mountaineers had to contend with the mountain's decision to stand up.
Greater Werewolf: "The wolf-things are no mere beasts, but the lieutenants of the Baron." / —Taysir
Greater Werewolf: "Two legs by day, four legs by night, eyes raging in storm-gotten might." / —Ancient Northland riddle
Greatsword: The only blow that matters is the killing blow.
Greed: "There is no calamity greater than lavish desires. . . . And there is no greater disaster than greed." / —Tao Tê Ching 46
Greed: "There is no calamity greater than lavish desires. There is no greater guilt than discontentment. And there is no greater disaster than greed." / —Lao Tsu, Tao Te Ching, (trans. Chan)
Greed: "There is no calamity greater than lavish desires./ There is no greater guilt than discontentment./ And there is no greater disaster than greed." —Tao Tê Ching 46
Greed: An advisor once asked the Western Paladin how much gold would be enough. "I have no need of fools who can imagine ‘enough,'" he told the advisor's corpse.
Greed: What is a sliver of one's soul compared to unimaginable wealth?
Greel's Caress: Greel's grin is far less loathsome than his touch.
Greel, Mind Raker: "You're Latulla's gift to me, and I always play with my presents."
Green Sun's Zenith: As the green sun crowned, Phyrexian prophecies glowed on the Tree of Tales.
Greenhilt Trainee: "Our ancestors adapted to this world of metal. Just as they did, we will adapt to this world of evil."
Greenseeker: "A rumor passes among the snakes, whispered by the rushes, inspiring the seekers: the goddess Freyalise is alive in Skyshroud."
Greenside Watcher: "The Izzet may incite war, but my duty is here. I will not abandon the wild."
Greenweaver Druid: The other tribes call them fanatics, but none deny that the Mul Daya elves have an iron-strong bond to some force greater than themselves.
Grenzo's Cutthroat: "Their guards are soft, ready to welcome a sharp dagger."
Greven il-Vec: As a ruthless leader for Volrath, Greven il-Vec serves his lord by commanding the flying ship Predator. Greven has attained his powerful rank through a series of underhanded schemes and assassinations, the majority of which were blessed by Volrath himself.
Grid Monitor: The vedalken protect the Knowledge Pool at any cost.
Gridlock: "One tiny peg pulled from a single wagon wheel, and an entire district grinds to a halt." / —Lazav
Griffin Canyon: "Where are falling feathers deadlier than falling rock?" / —The One Thousand Questions
Griffin Dreamfinder: Some griffins are able to pluck mystic auras from the Æther that are hidden from other mortals.
Griffin Protector: The drums of war stir the hearts of all who fight for righteousness.
Griffin Rider: After fighting alongside the griffin riders, older knights of Thune learned to admire a mount that could rip an enemy to shreds in seconds.
Griffin Sentinel: Once a griffin sentinel adopts a territory as its own, only death can force it to betray its post.
Grim Affliction: Even the small wounds let hope bleed out.
Grim Backwoods: "I love what they've done with the place." / —Liliana Vess
Grim Discovery: Few among the living understand just how much of their world is shaped by the ruins of the dead.
Grim Feast: "Hmmm—midnight snack."
Grim Flowering: "Nothing in nature goes to waste, not even the rotting corpse of a good-for-nothing, blood-sucking vampire." / —Halana of Ulvenwald
Grim Guardian: Occasionally the living wander to the Rivers, but the wardens of Athreos ensure that only the dead pass.
Grim Haruspex: "We all want to know what's going on in someone else's head. I simply open it up and look."
Grim Lavamancer: "Fools dig for water, corpses, or gold. The earth's real treasure is far deeper."
Grim Monolith: Part prison, part home.
Grim Poppet: Beware a scarecrow bearing gifts—especially sloshing vessels of acid.
Grim Return: The necromancer's touch strips away memory and loyalty, and only strength and malice remain.
Grim Roustabout: He'll point you to your death row seats.
Grim Tutor: He who goes unpunished never learns. / —Greek proverb
Grim Tutor: One who goes unpunished never learns. / —Greek proverb
Grimclaw Bats: Even on a world of metal, there are those who thirst for blood.
Grindclock: Pray you never hear it chime.
Grindstone: "Memory is a burden that wears at the soul as weather wears at stone." / —Crovax
Grinning Demon: It's drawn to the scent of screaming.
Grinning Ignus: "Take care what you offer the ignus. Food, perhaps. Coins. But nothing flammable!" / —Stovic, village eccentric
Grip of Amnesia: "Would you abandon your past to save your future?" / —Ambassador Laquatus
Grip of Chaos: When the world is consumed by chaos, the skilled and the foolish are on equal footing.
Griptide: "Beware the seagrafs just off the shore. These waters are filled with hungry geists looking for an easy meal." / —Captain Eberhart
Griptide: When the sea god Thassa wishes to speak with a mortal, she does not issue a summons or grant a vision requesting a visit. The sea simply brings her guest before her.
Griselbrand: "Avacyn emerged from the broken Helvault, but her freedom came at a price—him." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Grisly Salvage: To the Golgari, anything buried is treasure.
Grisly Spectacle: "Watch people flock to a murder scene. Then tell me we're not all a little sick in the head." / —Juri, proprietor of the Juri Revue
Gristle Grinner: "There it was, clawing the ice as it chittered and clicked its teeth. We fled in horror before it unearthed its grisly meal." / —Aevar Borg, northern guide, journal entry
Gristleback: Loyal in battle, hearty in stew.
Grixis Battlemage: Vitals of Grixis who eschew undeath must scrape and scratch to retain their mortality. The result is a breed of inventive mages.
Grixis Charm: "So many choices. Shall I choose loathing, hate, or malice today?" / —Eliza of the Keep
Grixis Illusionist: "It's simple, really. If they can't find us, they can't kill us."
Grixis Panorama: There is no height above Grixis that is free from the stench of death.
Grizzled Leotau: "There is no glory in a death of age, as even the leotau know. As winter steals into their coats, they seek the deadliest lands, that they may die as they lived." / —Aarsil the Blessed
Grizzled Outcasts: Seen as unsavory, the hunters were never allowed in town—until one night they vanished.
Grizzled Wolverine: "Before you release a Wolverine from the trap, make sure it's really dead." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Grizzly Bears: "We cannot forget that among all of Dominaria's wonders, a system of life exists, with prey and predators that will never fight wars nor vie for ancient power." / —Jolrael, empress of beasts
Grizzly Bears: Don't try to outrun one of Dominaria's grizzlies; it'll catch you, knock you down, and eat you. Of course, you could run up a tree. In that case you'll get a nice view before it knocks the tree down and eats you.
Grizzly Bears: Don't try to outrun one of Dominia's Grizzlies; it'll catch you, knock you down, and eat you. Of course, you could run up a tree. In that case you'll get a nice view before it knocks the tree down and eats you.
Grizzly Bears: Don't worry about provoking grizzly bears; they come that way.
Grizzly Bears: They've got claws as long as your arm. And they're grouchy. Really, really grouchy.
Groffskithur: It growls not to threaten, but to summon.
Grollub: Mogglings caught in a misdeed often blame the grollub. Even though the creature is usually innocent, no taskmaster can resist an excuse to beat it.
Grotag Siege-Runner: "I don't think he's bringing in the mail . . . ." / —Nundari, Sea Gate militia captain
Grotag Thrasher: The goblin fancied himself a rider. The lizard was happy with its new flail.
Ground Assault: "Taking down a dragon is easy. All you need is enough space to get in a good swing." / —Narbulg Nine Fingers
Ground Rift: Some time rifts didn't take away the people but just the ground they stood on.
Ground Seal: "Let all we have buried be buried forever." / —Seton, centaur druid
Groundbreaker: The earth's memory is long, its retribution brief.
Grounded: "We've tracked Ludevic's monster across four provinces. When it lands, make sure it stays put." / —Alena, trapper of Kessig, / to Halana of Ulvenwald
Groundling Pouncer: Endry was determined to teach his groundlings a few winged-faerie tricks.
Groundskeeper: "Soldiers speak of defending the soil, but they care only for their nations. I care nothing for their nations and everything for the soil."
Groundskeeper: Whereas the rebels fight to defend the land, they work to renew it.
Groundswell: "This world will not be tamed."
Grove of the Burnwillows: Spring is the most beautiful season in the grove, when the new leaves open from their ember-buds in a race of leaping flames.
Growing Ranks: "We will grow an army large enough to withstand the Izzet's madness." / —Trostani
Growth Spurt: MORE TO LOVE: Friendly, nature-loving, Bunyonesque SEM seeks SEF looking for a huge commitment. /  . . .  seeks atog prince
Grudge Keeper: "Your defiance is noted."
Gruesome Deformity: She wanted to inspire terror wherever she went. The demons happily granted her wish.
Gruul Charm: "Not Gruul? Then die!" / —Borborygmos
Gruul Cluestone: Forgotten under rocks and vines, Gruul symbols mark the sites of primitive rituals where shamans once chanted to the wild.
Gruul Guildgate: Enter and leave the shackles of society behind.
Gruul Guildgate: The scarred rubble around the gate is testament to past meetings of the Clans, summits that inevitably devolved into brawls.
Gruul Keyrune: As perilous and unpredictable as the wilds themselves.
Gruul Nodorog: Petting the nodorog / —Gruul expression meaning / "making a really big mistake"
Gruul Ragebeast: "If the other guilds want a war, they should know we've been ready the whole time." / —Ruric Thar, Ghor-Clan chieftain
Gruul Scrapper: The Gruul aren't satisfied with just smashing things. They continue smashing other things with the things they just smashed.
Gruul Signet: Gruul territorial markings need not be legible. The blood, snot, and muck used to smear them are unmistakably Gruul.
Gruul War Chant: "We are the heart of the wild, the fire in its eyes, and the howl in its throat. Come, join the battle to which you were born." / —Kroshkar, Gruul shaman
Gruul War Plow: "Steering apparatus?! What for? Rip it out, sharpen it, and lash it to the front!" / —Ktank, Gruul plowmaster
Gryff Vanguard: "Ghouls smashed the door, but I heard the call of the gryffs and knew we were saved." / —Ekka, shopkeeper of Hanweir
Guan Yu's 1,000-Li March: "He Guan Yu covered the ground on a thousand-li horse; / With dragon blade he took each pass by force."
Guan Yu's 1,000-Li March: "He Guan Yu covered the ground on a thousand-li horse;/ With dragon blade he took each pass by force."
Guard Dogs: "A good guard is alert. A great guard is also loyal." / —Benalish kennelmaster
Guard Duty: "I was told these were standard issue. Do I look standard to you?"
Guard Gomazoa: It lingers near the outposts of the Makindi Trenches, inadvertently granting another layer of defense.
Guardian Lions: Approach in peace or not at all.
Guardian Seraph: Her gaze prevents the petty sins and her sword punishes the rest.
Guardian of Cloverdell: Although they're protective of all creatures, many treefolk are especially fond of the empathic kithkin.
Guardian of Solitude: "It seemed an easy thing, to step into the nothingness, to fall, to die. But then, for an instant, I saw it, eyes filled with endless sorrow, and I turned back to face my pain." / —Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Guardian of Vitu-Ghazi: It stands sentinel to the great City-Tree, home of the Selesnya Conclave.
Guardian of the Ages: "At my feet, invasions end." / —Statue inscription
Guardian of the Guildpact: The magic of the Guildpact gives aegis to the spirits pressed into its service. Upon entering the afterlife, they find new focus and are charged with defending the Guildpact against those who would see it broken.
Guardian's Magemark: The soldier moved with fluid poise, his awareness extending far beyond five senses.
Guardians of Akrasa: "Only by the bravery of those who put loyalty above glory is our home kept safe." / —Elspeth
Guardians of Akrasa: "Only by the bravery of those who put loyalty above glory is our home kept safe." / —Elspeth Tirel
Guardians of Meletis: The histories speak of two feuding rulers whose deaths were celebrated and whose monuments symbolized the end of their wars. In truth they were peaceful lovers, their story lost to the ages.
Guardians' Pledge: A dozen fighting for each other are worth a thousand fighting for themselves.
Guided Strike: "If you can kill your enemy with the first stroke, you save yourself the labor of the second." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Guided Strike: "May the Ancestor strengthen my hand and guide my blade." / —Nomad war prayer
Guiding Spirit: "Retainer of eternal Sun! Life flash again upon thy wings." / —"Song to the Sun," Femeref song
Guildscorn Ward: "The Gateless have risen. The Ten shall fall." / —Ninth District graffiti
Guilty Conscience: Those who most feel guilt don't need to, while those who most need to feel guilt never do. / —Order proverb
Guise of Fire: "Fire will eventually destroy a zombie, but a fiery zombie destroys a lot of other things first." / —Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Gulf Squid: If it could capture the power it wastes, it would be invincible.
Guma: When the giant returned for the night, he found a dead merfolk on his pillow. Although he praised the little guma, he inwardly wondered where she had hid the head.
Gurmag Swiftwing: "Anything a falcon can do, a bat can do in pitch darkness." / —Urdnan the Wanderer
Gus: "Now I lay me down to sleep — What are you starin' at?"
Gush: Don't trust your secrets to the sea.
Gust-Skimmer: Phyrexian smog clouds choked the skies, threatening creatures who couldn't comprehend the menace below.
Gustcloak Harrier: Banking steeply, the aven streaked toward the ground—and vanished.
Gustcloak Runner: Cabal spies trying to follow the Order's movements are constantly frustrated by tracks that stop dead.
Gustcloak Savior: "Our death-arrows flew in high arcs towards the aven. And then . . . nothing." / —Coliseum guard
Gustcloak Sentinel: Entire platoons have mysteriously vanished from battle, leaving enemy weapons to slice through empty air.
Gustcloak Skirmisher: They're trained in the art of pressing their luck.
Gustrider Exuberant: "The elves claim the canopy. The nacatl claim the mountains. I suppose you think we ought to stay on the jungle floor?"
Gut Shot: "Down here, we have a more pointed version of the scriptures." / —Urabrask's enforcer
Gutless Ghoul: "Make sure those wretches feed only upon the plagued. The blood of the healthy is reserved for me alone." / —Garza Zol, plague queen
Gutter Skulk: Upon finding his warehouse infested, Gaven didn't know whether to get an exterminator or an exorcist.
Guttersnipe: He wants to watch Ravnica burn, one soul at a time.
Guttural Response: Wort had a raiding-bellow that could shatter steel, melt auras, and slice countermagic in half.
Gutwrencher Oni: "Blood drips. Blood sings. Blood devours all and only blood remains." / —Ogre chant
Guul Draz Vampire: "A creature's bloodscent is a beacon that cannot be disguised."
Gwafa Hazid, Profiteer: "Everyone has a price."
Gwendlyn Di Corci: Urborg became the final resting place of many swordsmen of renown, their steel outmatched by the wiles of Gwendlyn.
Haakon, Stromgald Scourge Avatar: CSP Prize Avatar
Haazda Exonerator: "This aura threatens the sanctity of your soul. Wrenching it free won't be easy on either of us. If you're ready, we'll begin."
Haazda Shield Mate: The Haazda shield is broad, protecting both the free and the guilded.
Haazda Snare Squad: They've been probation officers, army grunts, bounty hunters—anything to make their district safer.
Hada Freeblade: "I toiled in Kazuul's mines when I was eight. I think I'm tough enough for a little hiking."
Hagra Crocodile: The creatures of Zendikar are opportunists, eating whatever is available to them. Like goblins. Or boats.
Hagra Diabolist: "When exploring the darkest regions, wickedness can be the best accomplice of all."
Hail Storm: "If they can't take the hail, they'd better stay home." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skycaptain
Hail Storm: "If they can't take the hail, they'd better stay home." / —Arna Kennerüd, skycaptain
Hail of Arrows: "Do not let a single shaft loose until my word. And when I give that word, do not leave a single shaft in Eiganjo." / —General Takeno
Hair-Strung Koto: "The Kami War drove many members of Konda's court insane. As their spiritual world turned against them, so too did their minds turn from reality." / —The History of Kamigawa
Halberdier: His reputation precedes him—and so does his weapon.
Halcyon Glaze: "Earth to æther, window to wonder, stillness to the sky." / —Glazing incantation
Halfdane: Hail from Tolaria the ever changing 'Dane.
Hall of Triumph: Heroes act without thought of glory or reward. Accolades are a consequence, not a goal.
Hallow: "Bend with the storm, then reply in kind."
Hallowed Burial: "I'd rather hear the screams of battle than the quiet that follows." / —Talara, elvish safewright
Hallowed Fountain: A place to relax, if you have the proper permit.
Hallowed Ground: "On this site where Kjeld's blood was spilled, let none raise a fist or deny a beggar." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Hallowed Ground: "On this site where Kjeld's blood was spilled, let none raise a fist or deny a beggar." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Halo Hunter: Hanging on the walls of his lair, the fallen halos cast his depravity in everlasting light.
Halt Order: An artificer's least favorite mind-missive may be "I regret to inform you that the funding for your project has been cut."
Hamlet Captain: "I would fear this fight, bloodsucker, were I alone."
Hamletback Goliath: "If you live on a giant's back, there's only one individual you'll ever need to fear." / —Gaddock Teeg
Hammer Mage: When he's holding the hammers, everything looks like a nail.
Hammer of Purphoros: All the world is Purphoros's anvil.
Hammer of Ruin: By hammer forged, and by hammer undone.
Hammerfist Giant: "Oh sure, they buy a lot of ale, but I always find myself needing to rebuild after the giants have paid a visit." / —Belko, owner of Titan's Keg tavern
Hammerhead Shark: Cross the eyes of a hammerhead and you'll dot its teeth.
Hammerheim: "‘Tis distance lends enchantment to the view,/ And robes the mountain in its azure hue." —Thomas Campbell, "Pleasures of Hope"
Hana Kami: It grew in lands lit by pride and watered by tears.
Hanabi Blast: The most powerful of akki fire spells were developed at the cost of blood, toil, tears, sweat, and usually a nose or two.
Hand of Cruelty: "The sword is just a tool. It is the samurai's hand that delivers death."
Hand of Death: Death claims all but the darkest souls.
Hand of Death: The touch of death is never gentle.
Hand of Emrakul: "I believed in a beautiful god. But this is the true face of the divine." / —Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Hand of Honor: "The sword is just a tool. It is the samurai's hand that brings it to life."
Hand of Justice: "The Hand of Justice will come to cleanse the world if we are true." / —Oliver Farrel
Hand to Hand: The match between Tahngarth and Greven was close only in the mind of the minotaur.
Handcuffs: "That was fun! Now me." / —Gwendlyn Di Corci
Hanna's Custody: "I protect the Legacy with my life if necessary, for its purpose is far more important than my own." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Hanna, Ship's Navigator: "I never thought I'd spend my life fighting. I'm a maker, not a destroyer."
Hanna: Educated in Argive and highly knowledgeable in the field of artifacts, this expert navigator of the Weatherlight believes that scholarship does not necessarily lead to understanding. Her diligence in pursuing both is her greatest asset.
Hanweir Watchkeep: He scans for wolves, knowing there's one he can never anticipate.
Hapless Researcher: Scholars possess such lofty knowledge that it shouldn't be surprising when they fall.
Harabaz Druid: "I care nothing for treasure. The land beckons me, and I cannot rest until my feet have touched every inch of it."
Harbinger of Night: Embrace the Harbinger / —Suq'Ata expression meaning / "abandon hope"
Harbor Bandit: He always drops a little trinket into the bay as thanks to the merfolk who taught him all his best tricks.
Harbor Guardian: "Our guardian levies a tax on all traders. Wise travelers pay with a minimum of fuss." / —Qhattib, Vizier of Amiqat
Harbor Serpent: Like most giant monsters villagers worship as gods, it proves a fickle master.
Hardened Scales: "Naga shed their scales. We wear ours with pride." / —Golran, dragonscale captain
Harm's Way: Even when fate is already written, there's always time to change the names.
Harmattan Efreet: "One moment I was walking along the beach, and the next I was high in the air, staring into a hideous smiling face." / —Tarub, Suq'Ata sailor
Harmless Assault: After encasing it in a paralyzing beam of light, the angel studied the Eldrazi as a child would study a bug, curiously and without fear.
Harmonic Convergence: When the eternal stars align, can mere mortals resist?
Harmonic Sliver: "Since the last sliver arrived, even our mightiest relics splinter into shards as soon as we bring them against the hive." / —Llanach, Skyshroud ranger
Harmonize: "Life's greatest lessons don't come from focus or concentration. They come from breathing and simply noticing." / —Seton, centaur druid
Harmonize: "Words lie. People lie. The land tells the truth."
Harpoon Sniper: Made from whiskergill bones, merrow spinebows can fire bolts through tree trunks.
Harrier Griffin: Moon Market merchants sell a bottled scent to cutpurses and other criminals. Those doused in the liquid become "griffin bait."
Harrow: Changing Rath's landscape is like tearing the scab from a wound.
Harrow: No spot in nature is truly barren.
Harrow: The Roil redraws the world as it passes, leaving only the hedrons unchanged.
Harrowing Journey: "There are always fools who attempt to traverse Kruin Pass before sundown and every time they wind up in a race for their lives." / —Old Rutstein
Harsh Judgment: "At least they remember me." / —Gerrard
Harsh Mercy: "There is no greater burden than choosing who to save." / —Kamahl, druid acolyte
Harvest Gwyllion: She speaks only in vile epithets, spitting out curses and obscenities that harm others just by the hearing.
Harvest Mage: "Why should one limit oneself to the resources at hand?"
Harvest Pyre: Corpses destroyed by fire form the most destructive geists.
Harvest Wurm: The wurm's weave / —Elvish expression meaning / "plowed fields"
Harvester Druid: "In the end, the same soil lies atop the field, within the mountain, and under the sea."
Harvester of Souls: "He is judge, jury, and executioner because he killed them all." / —Bishop Cawle of Elgaud
Harvestguard Alseids: Not all shields are forged of iron or bronze.
Hatchet Bully: "It's not much for eating, but I think we can find somethin' to do with it."
Hatching Plans: So wondrous to behold, so delicate and finely crafted—and yet, such a pleasure to smash.
Hate Weaver: "Let my hate fuel your fury."
Hateflayer: It has no safe side.
Hatred: "I will flay the skin from your flesh and the flesh from your bones and scrape your bones dry. And still you will not have suffered enough." / —Greven il-Vec, to Gerrard
Haunted Crossroads: It seemed as if no one wanted them to reach the Henge of Ramos—not even the dead.
Haunted Fengraf: A ghoulcaller's playground.
Haunted Guardian: "Drain the victim's blood, sell the corpse, and use the soul on guard duty. No muss, no fuss, no problems." / —Olivia Voldaren
Haunter of Nightveil: The Dimir employ the spirits of Ravnica's ancient, nameless dead, guiding their malevolence toward selected victims.
Haunting Apparition: Like some foul herdbeast, it grazes on the dead.
Haunting Hymn: The hymn's melody has persisted since Tourach's time, but the words changed to invoke the phobias of each listener.
Haunting Misery: "I am condemned without end." / —Crovax
Haunting Wind: These devices lured so many spirits that sometimes entire battlefields would become haunted at once.
Havengul Lich: Fusing intelligence with the power of undeath requires inspiration of the darkest kind.
Havengul Runebinder: "So many corpses, so little time."
Havengul Skaab: An abomination so violent that the other fiends tremble at the sight of it.
Havengul Vampire: "That slowly decreasing pulse—that's the beat I waltz to."
Havenwood Wurm: Time rifts bring tunneling beasts of old into the hard, dry earth of the present. Most die there, trapped, but the mightiest burst through the surface.
Havoc Demon: A cry of pain as it enters this world. A chorus of screams as it leaves.
Havoc Festival: "We can't control enemies who have no regard for their own survival." / —Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Havoc: As Orim put the lightning rod into place on the bow, she cast a spell of protection to shield herself from the heat. That's when the Furnace got personal.
Hawkeater Moth: Each day at dusk the birds above the canopy grow silent.
Hazduhr the Abbot: "Soon, Serra will return and choose the Abbot's successor, else we are lost." / —Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Haze Frog: Its breath leaves its prey too drowsy to struggle.
Hazerider Drake: "The hazerider danced in the thunderstorm and sang to its music." / —Afari, Tales
Hazy Homunculus: They hide in dreams and whispers and faraway thoughts.
Headless Horseman: ". . . The ghost rides forth to the scene of battle in nightly quest of his head . . . he sometimes passes along the Hollow, like a midnight blast . . ." —Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow
Headless Skaab: A head is a needless encumbrance when muscle is all that's required.
Headlong Rush: A landslide of goblins poured toward the defenders—tumbling, rolling, and bouncing their way down the steep hillside.
Headstone: "Your headstone is the last page in the book of your life." / —Murat, Death Speaker
Heal the Scars: Elvish battle-magic has evolved two specialties: inflicting wounds that scar, and healing wounds without scarring. Politics determines the recipients of each.
Heal: "Sometimes even the smallest boon can save a life." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Heal: "Sometimes even the smallest boon can save a life." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Healer of the Pride: "No life is without meaning. No living thing is too small to be strong."
Healing Leaves: The elves of Llanowar don't trust in alchemy. They rely instead on pure herbs harvested from the forest's sacred heart.
Healing Salve: "The Femeref look only to the Sun for healing; they have never truly understood life's cycle." / —Kifimbo, Shadow Guildmage
Healing Salve: "Xantcha is recovering. The medicine is slow, but my magic would have killed her." / —Serra, to Urza
Heap Doll: "I know one night it won't come back. Then I'll know it's truly done its job." / —Braenna, cobblesmith
Heart Sliver: Gerrard looked all around for the source of the mysterious pulse, and at that moment the slivers boiled forth from the crevasses.
Heart Warden: "In Llanowar, we tend the forest's boughs and branches. In Yavimaya, we are a part of them." / —Rofellos of Llanowar
Heart of Light: "There is a shining in the mortal heart that even the kami cannot reach." / —Sensei Golden-Tail
Heart of Light: For those who reach enlightenment, violence is an unnecessary distraction.
Heart of Ramos: Ramos bled, and there was fire.
Heart-Piercer Bow: Designed by an ancient artificer, the finest Mardu bows are carved from dragon bone and strung with the wind itself.
Heartbeat of Spring: "It is true that we monks hold the key to paradise, but most don't understand that the paradise we guard is the one within." / —Diary of Azusa
Hearth Kami: "Every treachery, great or small, begets a spirit that rages at the injustice. Given the opportunity, each will return that treachery to its owner tenfold." / —Sensei Hisoka
Hearthcage Giant: The flamekin are mere kindling for his warmth.
Hearthfire Hobgoblin: Hobgoblins are best left alone. They sharpen their farm implements far more than is necessary for their work in the fields.
Heartless Hidetsugu: Hidetsugu held over a dozen oni in blood oath. At his touch, rocks scorched. At his word, cities burned.
Heartless Summoning: "They won't be winning any beauty pageants, but they'll do the trick." / —Enslow, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Heartstone: "Finding a true heartstone is even harder than finding a true heart." / —Hanna
Heartstone: "Finding a true heartstone is even harder than finding a true heart." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Heartwood Dryad: To snare what lies between worlds takes the patient reach of trees.
Heartwood Giant: Wind in the trees is soothing, but the same can't be said for trees on the wind.
Heartwood Shard: Like all other relics, it was left on the Radix by the elves to be destroyed. Unlike all other relics, it persisted.
Heartwood Storyteller Avatar: FUT Prize Avatar
Heartwood Storyteller: His roots reach deep, nurtured not by soil and rain, but by millennia of experience.
Heartwood Treefolk: "In all my years in Llanowar I never understood where trees fit in. They are revered by elves and watered on by dogs." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Heat Ray: "There was clearly a scream. I'm not sure if there was a mouth." / —Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Heat Ray: It's not known whether the Thran built the device to forge their wonders or to defend them.
Heat Shimmer: "Better to flare out than to gutter." / —Flamekin expression
Heat Stroke: "Stroke of heat or stroke of blade. Choose your fate, traitor." / —Maraxus of Keld, to Starke
Heat of Battle: "Takara, it's me!" shouted Starke. It was no use—she obeyed Volrath.
Heavy Ballista: "Archers, ballistae—you can't even get near the island of Avenant." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Heavy Ballista: "Soldiers wear down and enemies collapse—but the ballista never tires." / —Ballista captain
Heckling Fiends: Their language may be a cacophonous agglomeration of chittering snorts and mad barking, but the message they send is all too clear.
Hedge Troll: His abode was clean and bare, not a morsel in sight. I asked him what he ate, fearing the answer. He smiled and said his faith alone sustained him.
Hedron Crab: Hedrons perplex minds both great and small.
Hedron Matrix: The hedrons awoke along with the Eldrazi, forming superstructures that radiated overwhelming magic.
Hedron Rover: "Now that it has woken up and wandered off, we should go see what it was guarding." / —Gotzen, Bulwark explorer
Hedron Scrabbler: "I don't care when the hedrons awoke. Why is the question that really matters." / —Anowon, the Ruin Sage
Heed the Mists: "Once, I looked to the mists for wisdom. Now I wish only for understanding."
Heedless One: "Channel your vitality through me."
Heidar, Rimewind Master: "The umber stain of the Thaw will be bleached away. Once again the world will be sharp, white, perfect!"
Heightened Awareness: "It startles me how alive one feels on the edge of death." / —Barrin, master wizard
Heir of the Wilds: In the high caves of the Qal Sisma mountains, young hunters quest to hear the echoes of their fierce ancestors.
Heliod's Pilgrim: The blessings of Heliod are apparent for all to see.
Helionaut: Hope kept the defenders aloft, but only courage kept them in the fight.
Hell Swarm: The brightness of day turned in an instant to dusk as the swarm descended upon the battlefield.
Hell's Caretaker Avatar: 9ED Participation Avatar
Hell's Caretaker: You might leave here, Chenndra, should another take your place . . . .
Hell-Bent Raider: He doesn't slow until his spear is weighted with corpses.
Helldozer: Sometimes you go to hell, and sometimes hell comes to you.
Hellfire Mongrel: There is no fondness between the hound and its master. There is only a common appreciation of the hunt.
Hellfire: "High on a throne of royal state . . . insatiate to pursue vain war with heav'n." —John Milton, Paradise Lost
Hellhole Rats: "I must speak with Momir Vig about creating a water-spouting watchdog." / —Mathvan, Prahv scrollwarden
Hellion Eruption: Just when you thought you'd be safe, in the middle of an open field with no Eldrazi around for miles.
Hellkite Hatchling: A killing machine from birth.
Hellkite Igniter: Its flight sets the sky itself on fire.
Hellkite Overlord: "The dragon has no pretense of compassion, no false mask of civilization—just hunger, heat, and need." / —Sarkhan Vol
Hellraiser Goblin: Don't let him lead the soldiers, but by all means let him lead the way.
Hellrider: "Behind every devil's mayhem lurks a demon's scheme." / —Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Helm of Awakening: "This little prize will cover your head, your spells, your bets, and your behind!" / —Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Helm of Chatzuk: Whether inspired by fear or by honor, all loyalty lends might.
Hematite Golem: Centuries before the first peaks of the Oxidda Chain rewrote the laws of magnetism, the golems patrolled Mirrodin's featureless surface unhindered.
Henge Guardian: Like so many Thran relics, the wurm engine kept operating long after its creators were gone.
Henge of Ramos: It is the hub. We are the wheel. / —Dryad saying
Herbal Poultice: "Apply orange leaf to a wound at dawn to clean it, at dusk to prevent the same injury from happening again." / —Kithkin superstition
Herd Gnarr: Long ago, the solitary gnarr was a sign of good luck. Now they have become wild pack hunters, a sign of impending danger.
Heritage Druid: "Study the great spirits of our age and those of the past. Prune secrets from the branching traceries of our lineage." / —Twila, Gilt-Leaf archdruid
Hermetic Study: "Books can be replaced; a prize student cannot. Be patient." / —Urza, to Barrin
Hermit Druid Avatar: ST Prize Avatar
Hermit Druid: Seeking the company of plants ensures that your wits will go to seed.
Hero of Iroas: "My left has felled a cyclops. My right has slain a giant. I bring both to every fight."
Hero of Leina Tower: "You cannot achieve greatness if its seed has not already been planted in your heart."
Hero's Demise: "What will it say on our graves, Lord Konda? Will it say we led our world to conquer immortal forces or that we were crushed by our own arrogance? At each defeat, I wonder." / —Sensei Hisoka, letter to Lord Konda
Hero's Downfall: Destiny exalts a chosen few, but even heroes break.
Hero's Resolve: "Destiny, chance, fate, fortune—they're all just ways of claiming your successes without claiming your failures." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Heroes' Bane: Travelers' tales claim that hydras bite off their own heads to make themselves deadlier.
Heroes' Reunion: "You helped save my people from a Phyrexian fate. Did you think I wouldn't return the favor?" / —Eladamri, to Gerrard
Heroes' Reunion: They share no bloodline, but a bond greater than family unites them. Such are the gifts of the Worldsoul.
Heroic Defiance: "Wear courage as your armor. Wield honor as your blade." / —Gerrard
Hesitation: Gerrard hesitated, looking up at the enemy ship. The future hesitated with him, changed forever by the pause.
Hex Parasite: Drawn by power, fueled by conquest.
Hex: When killing five just isn't enough.
Hexplate Golem: "Use everything. Iron, rust, scrap . . .  even the ground must join our cause." / —Ezuri, renegade leader
Hibernation Sliver: Mogglings have been known to play ball with hibernating slivers, completely unaware of their true nature.
Hibernation: On its way to the cave, the armadillo brushed by a sapling. It awoke to find a full-grown tree blocking its path.
Hibernation: The deep sleep of winter is not always restful.
Hidden Ancients: The only alert the invaders had was the rustling of leaves on a day without wind.
Hidden Gibbons: When these apes want something, it's a matter of gibbon take.
Hidden Horror: If the presence of evil were obvious, it wouldn't be nearly as dangerous.
Hidden Horror: Lifespans are measured by its dreadful length.
Hidden Path: "Where moments before we were lost beyond hope, the strange, floating lights showed us the way and restored our morale." —Vervamon the Elder
Hidden Retreat: After an hour in the hidey-hole, Squee seriously pondered the advantages of danger over boredom.
Hidden Spider: It wants only to dress you in silk.
Hideous End: "A little dark magic won't stop me. The worse the curse, the better the prize." / —Radavi, Joraga relic hunter, last words
Hideous End: Death is a generous author, always willing to grant a stirring final chapter.
Hideous Visage: "Seeing you cower before me is its own reward."
Hidetsugu's Second Rite: Hidetsugu never relinquished a grudge. He let it burn within him, gathering ever greater intensity until the final moment of vengeance.
High Ground: In war, as in society, position is everything.
High Market: If it can't be had here, it can't be had on any world.
High Priest of Penance: "All I require is faith, loyalty, obedience, trust, and complete and utter devotion."
High Seas: Bend as the wave breaks or it will break you as well. / —Saprazzan saying
High Tide: "By the time their enemies noticed the sea's changing mood, the Vodalians had often shifted formation and were ready to attack." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. V
High Tide: "May Svyelun and her tides favor you." / —Traditional Merfolk blessing
High Tide: "May Svyelun and her tides favor you." / —Traditional merfolk blessing
High Tide: "There's nothing like the high seas to clear your head or escape pursuers."
High Tide: "When the very tides turn against you, it's time to consider retirement." / —General Khurzog
Highborn Ghoul: "All the dead sleep lightly here, no matter how refined their beds may be." / —Grafdigger Wulmer
Highland Berserker: He gets paid by the axe.
Highland Game: "Bring down a stag and fix its horns upon her head. This one hears the whispers." / —Chianul, at the weaving of Arel
Highland Giant: Though slow-witted and slow-moving, they are quick to anger.
Highland Weald: "Our noble land, enslaved by Rime, / Is it our fate to freeze through time? / If this be true, oh wicked crime." / —The Dynasty of Winter Kings
Highspire Mantis: Its wings produce a high-pitched, barely audible whirring sound in flight. Only Jeskai masters are quiet enough to hear one coming.
Highway Robber: "Tonight, madam, it's your money and your life."
Higure, the Still Wind Avatar: BOK Participation Avatar
Hill Giant: Bent on a quest for blood, a giant can storm through a fort's wall as if it were nothing more than a picket fence.
Hill Giant: Fortunately, Hill Giants have large blind spots in which a human can easily hide. Unfortunately, these blind spots are beneath the bottoms of their feet.
Hill Giant: Fortunately, hill giants have large blind spots in which a human can easily hide. Unfortunately, these blind spots are beneath the bottoms of their feet.
Hill Giant: Hill giants are mostly just big. Of course, that does count for a lot!
Hill Giant: Hill giants are mostly just big. Of course, that does count for a lot.
Hillcomber Giant: The giants believe the fossils they find in Lorwyn's rocky heights are dreams frozen in time, and they treasure them.
Hinder: "Do not react to force in kind. Turn it aside. Direct it to where it can do no harm." / —Meloku the Clouded Mirror
Hindering Light: Centuries of careful practice have elevated the casting of protective spells to an art form. What little offensive magic remains on Bant stands little chance of breaching them.
Hindervines: "Woodlands and laws. Both grow faster than the Azorius's ability to manage them." / —Suniel the Woodwise
Hint of Insanity: "Practice makes perfect, but obsession makes better."
Hinterland Harbor: In places where the sea meets the trees, it's easy to forget the darkness that rules most of Innistrad.
Hinterland Hermit: He tried to live far from those he could hurt . . .
Hinterland Scourge: . . . but the monster within was a tireless hunter.
Hipparion: "Someone once said that Hipparions are to Warriors what Aesthir are to Skyknights. Don't believe it." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Hipparion: "Someone once said that hipparions are to warriors what aesthir are to skyknights. Don't believe it." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Hired Torturer: "Follow your passion, I always say. Might as well get paid to do what you love."
Hisoka's Defiance: "With every passing day, the kami shape our world to suit their will. I, for one, would not see them succeed."
Hisoka, Minamo Sensei: "By all rights we should have perished in the Kami War. Our perseverence is a tribute to mortal ingenuity. And perhaps a few forgotten secrets found in the nick of time."
Hissing Iguanar: Viashino thrashes keep iguanars as hunting companions, giving them wounded captives as playthings.
Hissing Miasma: All that remains when the fog finishes are neat piles of polished bones, like acid-etched glass. Orzhov servants collect them to make altar chimes.
Hive Mind: "All consciousness is one, separated only by a thin veil of the physical." / —Jace Beleren
Hive Stirrings: Sliver young are sorted into clutches according to their potential and their future role. Human scholars can only guess how those are determined.
Hivestone: Rath's evincars used hivestones to control the slivers, but the overlay put their power into unwitting hands. Now the stones make not masters, but slaves.
Hoar Shade: "The creature we fought in the western waste was doubly dangerous: mortally wounded, it rebounded and attacked again." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Hoard-Smelter Dragon: He collects the precious metals, and then converts the rest to propellant.
Hobgoblin Dragoon: The faeries snickered at first. A common hob in Oona's skies? But his lance ended their mockery, and now the sound of a cicada's wings brings a shudder to the faerie heart.
Hold at Bay: It was Daeron's bravery that brought him to Odunos. But it was the magic of Meletis that brought him home.
Hold the Gates: "We grew up on these streets. We know them better than any Boros grunt from Zelzo."
Hold the Line: "Forgive me, Master Kami, but in the interest of my people I must halt your advance."
Hollow Dogs: A hollow dog is never empty. It is filled with thirst for the hunt.
Hollow Warrior: Though it moves like a living thing, anyone can tell it lacks a soul—not to mention mercy.
Hollowborn Barghest: It leaves a trail of crumpled trees and dashed dreams.
Hollowhenge Beast: In a world of monsters, it's the stuff of nightmares.
Hollowhenge Scavenger: After werewolves slaughtered the citizenry of Hollowhenge, other creatures moved in.
Hollowhenge Spirit: Some spirits mourn. Others terrorize.
Hollowsage: Dreams of dark nights to come are said to stir in the minds of scheming hollowsages.
Holy Day: "The day of Spirits; my soul's calm retreat / Which none disturb!" / —Henry Vaughan, "The Night"
Holy Day: "The day of Spirits; my soul's calm retreat / Which none disturb" / —Henry Vaughan, "The Night"
Holy Day: "The day of spirits; my soul's clam retreat/ Which none disturb!" —Henry Vaughan, "Silex Scintillans"
Holy Day: "Today there is feasting and peace across our land, but the war has not ended. Tuck away your bloodlust. You'll need it tomorrow." / —Karrim, Samite healer
Holy Day: "Will history remember this as the day demons arrived or the day saviors arrived?" / —Barrin
Holy Justiciar: Her eyes see through the rotting flesh and glimpse a soul in agony, begging for the Blessed Sleep.
Holy Light: "Bathed in hallowed light, the infidels looked upon the impurities of their souls and despaired." / —The Book of Tal
Holy Light: "Bathed in hallowed light, the infidels looked upon the impurities of their souls and despaired." —The Book of Tal
Holy Mantle: "The guilds promise to provide safety. I prefer to make my own." / —Briska, Ninth District freemage
Holy Strength: "Born under the sun, the first child will seek the foundation of honor and be fortified by its righteousness." / —Codex of the Constellari
Holy Strength: "May angels fly at your back. May your blade cleave the darkness." / —War blessing of Serra
Holy Strength: Such power protects the body with the strength of the soul.
Homarid Shaman: "The ground grew swampy; hooves and claws sank into the marshy earth. Snarls of rage and bleats of despair echoed through the trees as the waters grew higher and higher." / —Kyliki of Havenwood, / "Havenwood Remembered"
Homeward Path: "Let your heels point you home." / —Ancient blessing
Homicidal Brute: For a moment his basest desires run free, unshackled by reason or conscience.
Homicidal Seclusion: "Damned crows and their endless squawking . . . blocks out the voices in my head . . ." / —Hermit of Hanne Hall
Homing Lightning: "I see countless worlds. What makes them think I can't find them in just one?" / —Ral Zarek
Honden of Cleansing Fire: To the sorrow of all, its fire was turned toward those who worshipped it.
Honden of Infinite Rage: To the sorrow of all, its rage became focused on those who once stoked it.
Honden of Life's Web: To the sorrow of all, its web became a net that strangled those who helped weave it.
Honden of Night's Reach: To the sorrow of all, its dark reach grasped and crushed those who guarded its silent vigil.
Honden of Seeing Winds: To the sorrow of all, its winds found sin in the hearts of those who once learned from its wisdom.
Honor Guard: "It is not a choice I make, to have this guard. It is the choice of my people, and my duty to them." / —Oracle en-Vec
Honor Guard: The strength of one. The courage of ten.
Honor of the Pure: Together the soldiers were like a golden blade, cutting down their enemies and scarring the darkness.
Honor the Fallen: "May the River claim Cho-Manno's body, wherever it lies." / —Ta-Karnst, Cho-Arrim healer
Honor-Worn Shaku: Before being presented to its lord, each shaku is blessed by every hero of every region within that lord's domain.
Honorable Scout: "I've faced your kind before. This time I'm ready for you."
Hooded Horror: Insidious fear can be the undoing of the greatest of armies.
Hooded Kavu: The spread of its hood eclipses all hope.
Hoodwink: The youths of Rishada's marketplace are always ready for a quick footrace.
Hoof Skulkin: It hunts with the memory of a long lost herd.
Hooting Mandrills: Interlopers in Sultai territory usually end up as crocodile chow or baboon bait.
Hope and Glory: "Serra ruled by faith. I cannot afford that luxury." / —Radiant, archangel
Hopping Automaton: Designed to carry equipment across rivers, the hopping automaton was soon pressed into service in the infantry.
Horde of Boggarts: Strategies don't come easily to the boggarts' feral minds, but full-on assault hasn't failed them yet.
Horde of Notions: Even the oldest treefolk was but an acorn when Lorwyn's first mysteries were born.
Hordeling Outburst: "Leave no scraps, lest you attract pests." / —Mardu threat
Horizon Canopy: The great leaves are resilient underfoot. Heavy steps do not bruise them, but release a sweet and spicy scent.
Horizon Drake: Using thermal updrafts and gravity currents, drakes eat and sleep in the air. Some never touch the ground from birth until death.
Horizon Seed: In peaceful times, these beings escorted the honored kami to their new shrines. In the Kami War, they became the medics of an unstoppable army.
Horn of Deafening: "A blast, an echo . . . then silence."
Horn of Greed: "Rath grows, and I am nourished." / —Volrath
Horn of Plenty: "This horn is an exact replica of the fabled Horn of Ramos, except mine is more lavish." / —Mercadian magistrate
Horn of Ramos: Ramos touched, and there was life.
Horncaller's Chant: "The Selesnya are gathering armies. Do you still believe they aren't preparing for war?" / —Teysa, to Isperia
Horned Cheetah: "I think she wants us to eat it," said Squee, staring at the oily carcass the cheetah had dragged to their fire.
Horned Kavu: "That didn't happen naturally," said Multani. "Rath's overlay is interfering with the Æther itself."
Horned Sliver: A bristling wave of slivers broke against the Weatherlight's timbers.
Horned Troll: "If I says it's a troll, it's a troll. Goblins is always right in Mercadia." / —Squee
Horned Troll: Sword hilts jut from some trolls' bodies where wounds healed so fast that the weapons were trapped inside.
Horned Turtle: "So like men are they: a hardened shell with fragile flesh beneath." / —Selenia, dark angel
Horned Turtle: It doesn't like having visitors . . . unless it's having them for lunch.
Horned Turtle: It's a mistake to say turtles hide in their shells. They merely need time to contemplate how best to bite your head off.
Horned Turtle: Its spear has no shaft, its shield no handle.
Hornet Cobra: "Then inch by inch out of the grass rose up the head and spread hood of Nag, the big black cobra, and he was five feet long from tongue to tail." —Rudyard Kipling, The Jungle Books
Hornet Harasser: "And though she didn't get her honey, Auntie found something far more interesting." / —A tale of Auntie Grub
Hornet Sting: It was only then—to his infinite sorrow—that Gork realized hornets don't make honey.
Horobi, Death's Wail: "From the ashes of Reito rose a new kami. And thereafter at every battle came Horobi, Death's Wail." / —The History of Kamigawa
Horrible Hordes: Few are able to underestimate the hordes.
Horrifying Revelation: "Ours is a glorious transmission! Behold a future where all bow to the Father of Machines." / —Isila, Priest of Sheoldred
Horror of Horrors: "And a horror of outer darkness after,/ / And dust returneth to dust again." —Adam Lindsay Gordon, The Swimmer
Horror of the Dim: "Lesser minds can scarcely imagine such a marriage of necromancy and mind magic." / —Strava, Dimir mage
Horseshoe Crab: "Hmm . . . It looks kinda like a bug. Let's crack it open an' see if it tastes like one!" / —Squee, goblin cabin hand
Horseshoe Crab: In the final days before the disaster, all the crabs on Tolaria migrated from inlets, streams, and ponds back to the sea. No one took note.
Hostile Realm: Lorwyn's crust explodes with power when the greater elementals are born. The flamekin use the fallout as cover for forays into enemy territory.
Hot Soup: "Comin' through!" / Designed by James Ernest
Hot Springs: Warmth is life; heat is peace.
Hotheaded Giant: As he races the moon each night, he draws a glowing equator across the world.
Hour of Reckoning: "Ravnica, like a hedge, must be pruned, leaving only leaves of verdant uniformity." / —Niszka, Selesnya evangel
Hover Barrier: As whispers and rumors increased, so did the demand for fail-safe barriers.
Hoverguard Observer: It could be made to run silently, but its low hum reminds the Neurok that they are always watched.
Hoverguard Sweepers: They only appear in emergencies, and emergencies never last long.
Hovermyr: Originally created to harvest blinkmoths, the hovermyr are now the silent observers of a dying world.
Howl from Beyond: "From the mouths of my servants, my voice shall emerge to shake the souls of my foes." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Howl from Beyond: Whether it howls for hunger or for joy, you're in trouble just the same.
Howl of the Night Pack: The murderous horrors of Raven's Run are legendary, but even that haunted place goes quiet when the night wolves howl.
Howling Banshee: Villagers cloaked the town in magical silence, but their ears still bled.
Howling Fury: I howl my soul to the moon, and the moon howls with me.
Howling Mine: Legend has it that the mine howls out the last words of those who died inside.
Howling Mine: The mine's riches never end, nor do the moans of the spirits doomed to haunt them.
Howlpack of Estwald: Estwald's citizens don't dislike outsiders—they taste just fine.
Huang Zhong, Shu General: "Virile in war, he kept the north in fear; / His prodigies subdued the western sphere."
Hubris: "You wish to learn of Nyx? Very well." / —Phenax, god of deception
Hulking Cyclops: "Some say a great cyclops turns the world in its hands, looking down upon it with its one bright eye." / —Afari, Tales
Hulking Cyclops: Anyone can get around a cyclops, but few can stand in its way.
Hulking Goblin: The bigger they are, the harder they avoid work.
Hulking Ogre: "The Keldons' ogre campaign provided more body parts than my meager facility could properly use." / —Gatha, Tolarian renegade
Hulking Ogre: Once they realized the ogre had more size than speed, the soldiers simply went around it.
Hull Breach: "Crovax knows we're coming now," said a grinning Sisay. "I just sent the Predator crashing into his stronghold."
Hum of the Radix: The elves learned long ago that anything left here slowly vanishes. Now it is a sacred site where the dead are laid to rest and where unnatural magic is erased forever.
Human Frailty: "I have seen a hundred mortal families rise and fall. I shall outlast a thousand more." / —Olivia Voldaren
Humble Budoka: Each time wanderers entered the forest seeking enlightenment, Dosan was there, waiting for them to arrive.
Humble: "It is not your place to rule, Radiant. It may not even be mine." / —Serra
Humbler of Mortals: The anger of the gods multiplied in Nyx, and the land awoke in dark echoes of their rage.
Humility: "One cannot cleanse the wounds of failure." / —Karn, silver golem
Hunding Gjornersen: "You would never guess, at the terrifying sight of the man, that Hunding was as charming a companion as one could wish for."
Hundroog: "New links are being added to the food chain on a daily basis." / —Riptide Project researcher
Hunger of the Howlpack: "Werewolves are an unholy mix of a predator's instinct and a human's hatred." / —Alena, trapper of Kessig
Hunger of the Nim: Their pain is so great, they can't help but share it with others.
Hungry Hungry Heifer: Mooo.
Hungry Mist: "All things must eat, after all. Even the air can hunger." / —Gemma, Willow Priestess
Hungry Mist: "All things must eat, after all. Even the air can hunger." / —Gemma, Willow priestess
Hungry Mist: "If the air must feed, let it take the self-righteous." / —Murat, Death Speaker
Hungry Mist: "If the air must feed, let it take the self-righteous." / —Murat, death speaker
Hungry Spriggan: If a spriggan's eyes are larger than its stomach, it has ways to remedy the situation.
Hunt Down: "Springjacks and faeries can be difficult to hunt, but my favorite prey are the flamekin. They never fail to put up a worthy fight when cornered."
Hunt the Hunter: "A grudge is a tattoo worn on the inside." / —Setessan warrior saying
Hunt the Weak: He who hesitates is lunch.
Hunted Dragon: The knights see a mighty quarry. The dragon sees breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Hunted Ghoul: Even after Hanweir was saved, Gisa's lost ghouls would shamble through, still following the twisted orders of their imprisoned master.
Hunted Lammasu: The lammasu ruled the velds before the city grew. Now they roam Ravnica's skies, but their ancient enemies have not forgotten them.
Hunted Wumpus: Just one can feed a dozen people for a month.
Hunter Sliver: Once they get the scent, there is no escape.
Hunter of Eyeblights: Snokk ran as fast as he could, but the sound of hooves grew ever louder in his ears.
Hunter's Ambush: First you lose your enemy's trail. Then you lose all sense of direction. Then you hear the growls . . .
Hunter's Insight: "The predator knows the true way of the world. Life is conflict. Only the strong survive." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Hunter's Prowess: To be counted among the warriors of Setessa's Leina Tower, you must not fear death, only failure.
Hunters' Feast: Those who kill a jawspur rhino must prepare spells to lift the carcass—even a dozen hunters can't lift its bulk.
Hunting Drake: Even the fiercest beast will flee when faced with the possibility of becoming dinner.
Hunting Grounds: In the heavy hush of Krosa, drawing on mana is like ringing a dinner bell.
Hunting Kavu: Dominarians gladly fought alongside kavu . . . until the kavu figured out some Dominarians were quite tasty.
Hunting Triad: "Eyeblights are easy to track. Just follow the imperfections."
Hurkyl's Recall: Hurkyl's research at the College of Lat-Nam wasn't enough to stop the two brothers, but for centuries thereafter her spellcraft taught artificers restraint.
Hurkyl's Recall: This spell, attributed to Drafna, was actually the work of his wife Hurkyl.
Hurkyl's Recall: This spell, like many attributed to Drafna, was actually the work of his wife Hurkyl.
Hurkyl's Recall: This spell, like many attributed to Drafna, was actually the work of his wife and former student, Hurkyl.
Hurloon Minotaur: The Minotaurs of the Hurloon Mountains are known for their love of battle. They are also known for their hymns to the dead, sung for friend and foe alike. These hymns can last for days, filling the mountain valleys with their low, haunting sounds.
Hurloon Minotaur: The minotaurs of the Hurloon Mountains are known for their love of battle. They are also known for their hymns to the dead, sung for friend and foe alike. These hymns can last for days, filling the mountain valleys with their low, haunting sounds.
Hurloon Shaman: "I believe it when they say they're connected to the land—looks like somebody plowed her face." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Hurloon Wrangler: "Nothing comes between me and my Didgeridoos™."
Hurly-Burly: "Things were popping like corn in a skillet. Olly landed in the pig pen with his prize sow on top of him, both squealin' like boggarts." / —Deagan, cenn of Burrenton
Hurricane: "Don't envy the grandeur of drakes. Their impression of grace fades when the first gust sends them crashing into one another." / —Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Hurricane: "The raging winds . . . , settling on the sea, the surges sweep, / Raise liquid mountains, and disclose the deep." / —Virgil, Aeneid, Book I, trans. Dryden
Hurricane: "This was quite possibly the least pleasant occurrence on the entire expedition." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Hushwing Gryff: An overwhelming sense of calm accompanies the gryffs that wheel above the roofs of Gavony.
Hussar Patrol: "You think no one is watching, you think you're smart enough to escape, and most foolish of all, you think no one cares." / —Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Hyalopterous Lemure: "The Lemures looked harmless, until they descended on my troops. Within moments, only bones remained." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Hyalopterous Lemure: "The lemures looked harmless, until they descended on my troops. Within moments, only bones remained." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Hydra Omnivore: "We should learn from the hydra. It never plays favorites; it devours everyone equally." / —Thrass, elder druid
Hydroblast: "Heed the lessons of our time: the forms of water may move the land itself and hold captive the fires within." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Hydroblast: "Heed the lessons of our time: the forms of water may move the land itself and hold captive the fires within." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran royal mage
Hydroform: "While the sea may be our home, the sky is our destiny." / —Prime Speaker Zegana
Hydromorph Guardian: In front of every strong leader is a pool of loyal bodyguards.
Hydromorph Gull: "The only kind of water that should fly through the air is rain." / —Kamahl, pit fighter
Hydrosurge: "Thirsty?" / —Drunvalus, hydromancer
Hymn of Rebirth: "There will come soft rains, and spring shall be amongst us, a welcome friend." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Hymn of Rebirth: "There will come soft rains, and spring shall be amongst us, a welcome friend." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Hymn to Tourach: "The eerie, wailing Hymn caused insanity even in hardened warriors." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Hymn to Tourach: "Tourach's power was such that his followers deified him after his death." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Hymn to Tourach: Knowing the Hymn's power, the followers of Leitbur carefully guarded their pillaged transcriptions.
Hymn to Tourach: Knowing the hymn's power, the followers of Leitbur carefully guarded their pillaged transciptions.
Hymn to Tourach: Members of the Order often played the Hymn on instruments made from their victims' bones.
Hymn to Tourach: The priests plead for your anguish and pray for your despair.
Hyperion Blacksmith: "The smith a mighty man is he/ With large and sinewy hands./ And the muscles of his brawny arms/ Are strong as iron bands." —Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Village Blacksmith
Hypersonic Dragon: "Even this primitive specimen of my kind is impressive." / —Niv-Mizzet
Hypervolt Grasp: Zap on. Zap off.
Hypnotic Specter: "...There was no trace / Of aught on that illumined face...." / —Samuel Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter: "...There was no trace/ Of aught on that illumined face..." / —Samuel Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter: "...There was no trace/ Of aught on that illumined face..." —Samuel Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter: "There was no trace / Of aught on that illumined face..." -Samuel Taylor Coleridge, "Phantom"
Hypnotic Specter: Its victims are known by their eyes: shattered vessels leaking broken dreams.
Hysterical Blindness: "The panic is amusing, but the real fun comes when the spell passes and the villagers start looking for a scapegoat." / —Ludevic, necro-alchemist
I Delight in Your Convulsions: "I can't imagine what you're feeling right now, but I'll try my best."
Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician: "Everybody but me—CHARGE!"
Icatian Crier: A thousand years removed from her home, her news of war had lost its context, but not its relevance.
Icatian Infantry: "Never Surrender" / —Motto carved into a fragment of an Icatian wall
Icatian Infantry: "Valiant Icatia was the last of the Sarpadian empires to fall. Its faithful soldiers defended their cities to the very end." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Icatian Infantry: Although they had long been concerned about the Order of the Ebon Hand, the Icatians faced an even greater threat from Goblin and Orcish raiders.
Icatian Infantry: The Icatian army easily repelled early surprise attacks by the Orcs on border towns like Montford.
Icatian Lieutenant: To become an officer, an Icatian Soldier had to pass a series of tests. These evaluated not only fighting and leadership skills, but also integrity, honor, and moral strength.
Icatian Lieutenant: To become an officer, an Icatian soldier had to pass a series of tests. These evaluated not only fighting and leadership skills, but also integrity, honor, and moral strength.
Icatian Phalanx: Even after the wall was breached in half a dozen places, the Phalanxes fought on, standing solidly against the onrushing raiders. Disciplined and dedicated, they held their ranks to the end, even in the face of tremendous losses.
Icatian Phalanx: Even after the wall was breached in half a dozen places, the phalanxes fought on, standing solidly against the onrushing raiders. Disciplined and dedicated, they held their ranks to the end, even in the face of tremendous losses.
Icatian Priest: "May you be strong and valiant, to defeat the enemies of the pure." / —"Leitbur's Prayer"
Icatian Priest: Grelden knelt and felt the cool, dry hand of the priest on his brow. Hours later, when his wits returned, he was covered in his enemies' blood on the field of victory.
Icatian Scout: "Because the Orc hordes attacked along the entire border, Scouts were essential to Icatia's defense." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Icatian Scout: "Because the orc hordes attacked along the entire border, Scouts were essential to Icatia's defense." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Icatian Scout: "In these, our final days, I offer this. Though we could not save Icatia, we gave our children time to grow, and love, before it fell." / —Ailis Connaut, diary
Icatian Scout: "Let it be known that Ailis Connaut acted with honor and bravery in the defense of the town of Montford, risking her life to scout the enemy's position . . . ." / —Proclamation granting knighthood
Icatian Scout: "Of course I'm not a spy The enemy has spies. I am a Scout." / —Ailis Connaut
Icatian Scout: "Scouting is the art of balancing the need to go undiscovered with the need to get all the information you can. It's only by Leitbur's good grace that I'm still alive today." / —Ailis Connaut, Diary
Icatian Skirmishers: Skirmishers engaged raiders before they could reach the towns. Although these units typically suffered huge losses, they never lacked volunteers.
Icatian Town: Icatia's once peaceful towns faced increasing attacks from Orcs and Goblins as the climate cooled. By the time the empire fell, they were little more than armed camps.
Icatian Town: Icatia's once peaceful towns faced increasing attacks from orcs and goblins as the climate cooled. By the time the empire fell, they were little more than armed camps.
Icatian Town: Icatia's once-peaceful towns faced increasing attacks from orcs and goblins as the climate cooled. By the time the empire fell, they were little more than armed camps.
Ice Cave: Even the oppresive cold of the cave could not temper Eladamri's ire.
Icefall: As the Thaw met Terisiare, mountains shed their icy skins, crushing homes and hopes alike.
Icequake: "When the earth shakes, and their animals are swallowed up by the ground, perhaps they will think twice before attacking again." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Ichor Explosion: The first explosion that didn't excite goblins.
Ichor Wellspring: "Our glorious infection has taken hold." / —Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Icy Blast: "Do not think the sand or the sun will hold back the breath of winter."
Icy Manipulator: "The scavengers who first found it called it the ‘Bone Crank.' Not a bad name, I'd say." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Icy Manipulator: A model of Mirrodin in both shape and spirit.
Icy Manipulator: In fire there is the spark of chaos and destruction, the seed of life. In ice there is perfect tranquility, perfect order, and the silence of death.
Ideas Unbound: The apprentice stared in puzzlement. "But Master, you finished writing those spells just yesterday. Don't you remember?" The jushi's heart froze.
Identity Crisis: "To join our ranks, one must be pure. To be pure, one must be blessed by etherium. To be blessed, one must forget oneself." / —Ethersworn prayer
Idle Thoughts: Inspiration strikes the uncluttered mind.
Idyllic Tutor: "If one's life is blessed, solutions to all life's problems will appear at the right moment." / —The Book of Kith and Kin
Igneous Golem: "The creature rose from the mountain, its body weeping fire." / —Afari, Tales
Ignite Disorder: "Bant is a world imprisoned by polished stone and tyrannical rule. It yearns to strike back against those who restrain it."
Ignite Disorder: The shaman prowled the academy halls, shaking his head at the pomp and babble of the sages inside. He knew just the spell to liven the place up.
Ignite the Cloneforge!: "Heroes innovate. Villains duplicate."
Ignoble Soldier: Cowardice is a term invented by those with no cunning.
Ignorant Bliss: "A quick step beyond oblivion lies a place so full of thoughts that it leaves no room for your own." / —Quyzl, chronarch prodigy
Ihsan's Shade: "Ihsan, the weak. Ihsan, the fallen. Ihsan, the betrayer. He has brought shame to the Serra Paladins where none existed before. May his suffering equal his betrayal." / —Baris, Serra Inquisitor
Ihsan's Shade: "Ihsan, the weak. Ihsan, the fallen. Ihsan, the betrayer. He has brought shame to the Serra paladins where none existed before. May his suffering equal his betrayal." / —Baris, Serra inquisitor
Ill-Gotten Gains: Urza thought it a crusade. Xantcha knew it was a robbery.
Ill-Tempered Cyclops: A cyclops has two moods: angry and asleep.
Illness in the Ranks: "Selesnya denied us tribute. Let's show them the error of their ways." / —Milana, Orzhov prelate
Illuminated Folio: Most such relics remain clasped shut for fear of what ominous truths might be carved into the diptych inside.
Illuminated Wings: For a moment, Urza thought not of war and destruction, but of the freedom of the skies.
Illumination: "A brilliant light can either illuminate or blind. How will you know which until you open your eyes?" / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Illusionary Forces: "This school was founded in secret, operates in secret, and exists for the teaching of secrets. Those who would alter reality must first escape it." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Illusionary Presence: "We could feel the Shaman's power, as surely as we felt the storm." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Illusionary Servant: "Illusion is a handy but fragile medium. Use it only in a pinch, or against the dim-witted." / —Jace Beleren
Illusionary Terrain: "The drawing of maps is fruitless in the west near the ice walls; the very earth is formless." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Illusionary Wall: "Let them see what is not there and feel what does not touch them. When they no longer trust their senses, that is the time to strike." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Illusionist's Bracers: It's easy to believe you're a god when you're twice as powerful as everyone else.
Illusory Angel: "In a daze, I woke and looked upon the battlefield, where I could swear my dreams were laying waste to the enemy." / —Letter from a soldier
Illusory Angel: "Yes, she is made of pure belief—but I hardly see why that makes her unique." / —Reith, master illusionist
Illusory Demon: In the Maelstrom, a trick of the light can feast on human flesh.
Imagecrafter: When Otarians learned not to trust wizards, the wizards learned to adapt.
Imaginary Pet: "It followed me home. Can I keep it?"
Imi Statue: "Just looking at it fills me with dread . . . . Yet since it arrived, I've done little else. My blades have dulled and my business has failed, and still I cannot look away." / —Keisaku, master swordmaker
Immaculate Magistrate: Elves of the immaculate class weave flora into living creatures—sometimes to endorse an elite warrior, sometimes to create a breathing work of art.
Immolating Souleater: "We thank the souleaters for melting the sinful that we may be reminded of our own insignificance." / —Drones' hymn of gratitude
Immortal Servitude: "The fine print of countless contracts has ensured we are never defenseless." / —Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Imp's Mischief: "Do the innocent pay for the crimes of the guilty? Of course they do. That's the fate of the weak." / —Nicol Bolas
Impaler Shrike: "Interrogation is an unnecessary step for acquiring information." / —Politus, Gitaxian morphologist
Impatience: "I'm going to count to three. Three."
Impatience: Ask a Keldon to hold his temper and you'll be left holding your guts.
Impending Disaster: "The goblins are in charge of maintenance? Why not just set it on fire now and call it a day?" / —Whip Tongue, viashino technician
Imperial Edict: Frustrated with Cao Cao's control of the imperial court, Emporer Xian secretly issued an edict condemning him, using his own blood as ink.
Imperial Seal: "If Heaven has placed it in your hands, it means that the throne is destined to be yours."
Imperiosaur: "An ancient, powerful force has overtaken the valley. I sympathize for its former inhabitants, but I rejoice for the land itself." / —Olanti, Muraganda druid
Imperious Perfect: In a culture of beauty, the most beautiful are worshipped as gods.
Impetuous Sunchaser: "I will soar higher than the walls of Akros! Higher than the clouds! Higher than Heliod himself!"
Implements of Sacrifice: Relics of the Order of the Ebon Hand, the bowl and dagger bespeak the hideous cruelty of its rituals.
Implode: To save Dominaria, nine planeswalkers sought the annihilation of Phyrexia itself.
Imposing Sovereign: Some are born to rule. The rest are born to bow before them.
Imposing Visage: "I can't believe they expect me to fight with this rabble. A Goblin in a big mask sends ‘em running for cover." / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Imposing Visage: With the horrible mask, Lagfrak the Low terrorized the countryside. But then he met Il-Chunt, the mask's model . . . .
Impromptu Raid: For the Scuzzback gang, it's always "raid o'clock."
Improvised Armor: "I trust what I make for myself. Do you trust more what is made for you by another?"
Impulse: "Controlling time ensures you need never look impulsive again." / —Teferi
Impulse: "You call it luck. I call it preparation."
In Garruk's Wake: Beyond pain, beyond obsession and wild despair, there lies a place of twisted power only the most tormented souls can reach.
In the Web of War: "In desperation, Konda sent warriors to parley with the ogre-magi. No one knows whether they were slaughtered at Shinka or if they even reached its bloodstained walls." / —Observations of the Kami War
Inaction Injunction: "To prevent action is to prevent transgression." / —Azorius Arrester motto
Iname, Death Aspect: Iname revels in sadistic glee at the crushing of souls, but soon mourns the lives so cruelly cut short. So the cycle begins anew.
Iname, Life Aspect: Iname rejoices in the dawn of a new life, but soon becomes jealous of the simple joys denied him by his station. So the cycle begins anew.
Incinerate: "Never taunt an embermage, ‘What are you going to do about it?'" / —Akin, seasoned askari
Incinerate: "Spontaneous combustion is a myth. If you burst into flame, someone wanted you to." / —Chandra Nalaar
Incinerate: "Who said there are no assurances in life? I assure you this is going to hurt."
Incinerate: "Yes, I think 'toast' is an appropriate description." / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Incinerate: "Yes, I think ‘toast' is an appropriate description." / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Incinerate: "Yes, I think ‘toast' is an appropriate description." / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Incite Hysteria: "The Boros say they want to bring order to Ravnica. Funny then, how well they use chaos." / —Trigori, Azorius senator
Incite Rebellion: Nothing breaks the monotony like a good old-fashioned riot.
Incite: The veneer of rationality peeled from the mage, revealing the spite and rage beneath.
Incremental Blight: Shadowmoor's main crops are rot, slime, and despair.
Incremental Growth: "Tie a mouse under a bridge, and your cabbages will triple in size." / —Kithkin superstition
Incremental Growth: The bonds of family cross the boundaries of race.
Incurable Ogre: Each mutation causes the incurables to look vastly different from one another. They are left with only one thing in common: their insatiable lust for the slaughter.
Incursion Specialist: "Work for the Dimir again? That depends. Tell me more about this maze."
Indebted Samurai: "Forgive me, Saburo. I could not save you. But your blade will not rest in my hand."
Indentured Djinn: It's not always clear who's the master and who's the servant.
Indentured Oaf: All it knows is the difference between friend and food.
Independent Troops: "The empire, long united, must divide, and long divided, must unite."
Indestructibility: "By all means, keep trying."
Indestructible Aura: Theodar strode the battle lines, snatching swords with his bare hands and casting them aside until all cowered before him.
Index: "Let's see . . . Mercadia, mercenary, merfolk . . . you know, I really need a better filing system."
Index: "What good is having all the right answers if you have them at all the wrong times?"
Indigo Faerie: "You should see your face right now."
Indomitable Ancients: "Odum and Broadbark were the only beings mighty enough to challenge the giant Moran the Destroyer. Their battle lasted a hundred dawns, until Moran became so exhausted that he fell into namesleep. He awoke as Moran the Gardener." / —The Tale of Odum and Broadbark
Indomitable Archangel: "Every sword drawn to defend is an angelic blade, guided to justice by an angelic hand." / —Auriok proverb
Indomitable Will: "None of you are yet samurai. Defend your homes with honor, die for your cause, and perhaps then you will be worthy of the word." / —General Takeno
Indrik Stomphowler: "An indrik's howl has destructive power much subtler than that of its crushing foot. The sound is mundane, but inaudible vibrations scatter and sunder magical contrivances." / —Simic research notes
Indrik Stomphowler: An indrik's howl has destructive power much subtler than that of its crushing foot.
Induce Despair: All the angel saw was her doom.
Indulgent Tormentor: The promise of anguish is payment enough for services rendered.
Inertia Bubble: "I wouldn't want you to hurt yourself." / —Bruenna, Neurok leader
Inescapable Brute: If you think you made it past him alive, he's just teasing you.
Inexorable Tide: "See how gratefully this world accepts our blessings." / —Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Infantry Veteran: "Any fool can pick up a sword and charge into battle. To emerge alive at the end, that is a gift that comes from leadership and experience."
Infantry Veteran: "Swords, to me! We must engage their line to protect our archers and mages. Let no one fail this task!"
Infantry Veteran: "The true dishonor for a soldier is surviving the war." / —Telim'Tor
Infantry Veteran: "This scar? From a zombie's teeth. This scar? From a barbarian's axe. That scar? I don't talk about that one."
Infectious Horror: Not once in the history of Grixis has anyone died of old age.
Infectious Host: "Lost man, dead man, knocking on the door. / Cankerman, soreman, knock no more." / —Ravnican children's rhyme
Infernal Contract: "But I signed nothing!" / —Taraneh, Suq'Ata mage
Infernal Contract: "East and West meet and angels cry. / Unholy power darkens the sky." / —"The Ballad of the Paladins"
Infernal Darkness: "I thought the day had brought enough horrors for our ragged band, but the night was far worse." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Infernal Darkness: "I thought the day had brought enough horrors for our ragged band, but the night was far worse." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Infernal Harvest: "I offered you eternal life; I just didn't say where." / —Shauku, Endbringer
Infernal Kirin: The kirin bellowed—an echoing, twisted parody of its once-inspirational call.
Infernal Plunge: "Oh mighty Griselbrand, Scourge of the Heedless World, gladly I consume myself for thee!"
Infernal Tribute: "I would not barter my soul for any of the filth that they called power. So they took it from me and damned me to solitude." / —Crovax
Inferno Elemental: "Those who wish to invade our monastery, please take it up with my servant." / —Chandra Nalaar
Inferno Fist: "I've never been above throwing the first punch."
Inferno Trap: "Do you smell something burning?"
Inferno: "Any scrap of compassion that still existed in my soul was permanently snuffed out when they cast me out into the flames." / —Mairsil, called the Pretender
Inferno: "Any scrap of compassion that still existed in my soul was permanently snuffed out when they cast me out into the flames." —Mairsil, called the Pretender
Inferno: "Some have said there is no subtlety to destruction. You know what? They're dead." / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Inferno: "Some have said there is no subtlety to destruction. You know what? They're dead." / —Wandering mage
Inferno: "Some have said there is no subtlety to destruction. You know what? They're dead." —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Infest: "It is from Phage that this evil springs, and to her it shall return." / —Akroma, angelic avenger
Infest: "This is why we don't go out in banewasp weather." / —Rannon, Vithian holdout
Infiltrate: Getting in was the easy part. Getting out proved to be more difficult.
Infiltration Lens: Neurok spies carry devices that let them look a few moments into the future, giving them an almost insurmountable edge.
Infiltrator's Magemark: "In secrecy is strength. None can oppose one who cannot be found." / —Szadek
Inflame: A Vulshok weapon strikes with the fire of the forge that made it.
Inflame: Wound, maim, kill: it's all the same to a Keldon.
Information Dealer: "One wizard is a suspect. Two wizards are a conspiracy." / —Elvish refugee
Infuse: "The potential for change lies in all things. Know a thing's nature, know its possibilities, and know it anew." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Infuse: "The potential for change lies in all things. Know a thing's nature, know its possibilities, and know it anew." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Ingot Chewer: Elementals are ideas given form. This one is the idea of "smashitude."
Inheritance: "More than lessons may be gained from the past." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Inheritance: "More than lessons may be gained from the past." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran priest
Initiates of the Ebon Hand: "Many Initiates sacrificed a hand to become full members of the Order." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Initiates of the Ebon Hand: "We are no longer Nature's children, but her masters . . . ." / —Oath of the Ebon Hand
Initiates of the Ebon Hand: Ebon leaders soon realized that non-human races often had special talents that could be exploited.
Ink-Eyes, Servant of Oni Avatar: BOK Prize Avatar
Ink-Treader Nephilim: When it awoke, the mirrors of the world reflected only darkness.
Inkfathom Divers: "None appreciate sun and shallows like those who have seen the depths." / —Lianda of the Stonybrook school
Inkfathom Infiltrator: No one can navigate the dank maze of Shadowmoor's rivers better than the cruel and covetous merrows. They use the currents to steal—and to steal away.
Inkfathom Witch: The murk of the Wanderbrine concealed unseemly rituals designed to bring out the worst in merrowkind.
Inkwell Leviathan: "Into its maw went the seventh sea, never to be seen again while the world remains." / —Esper fable
Inner Calm, Outer Strength: The ghostly objects around the kami circled faster and faster, creating a dizzying cyclone of motion. When it opened its eyes, it struck.
Inner Fire: "Heart of Sokenzan, I call to you! Lend me your fire."
Inner Sanctum: "Save me from Maraxus," Starke pleaded, "or condemn me to his wrath. Either way, do not ignore me!"
Inner-Chamber Guard: "It seems that each time I visit Lord Konda his guards are more on edge, perhaps even more eager for the war to reach them." / —Masako the Humorless
Inner-Flame Igniter: A light an army can follow.
Innocence Kami: Her voice was light, her substance music.
Innocent Blood: Zombies mourn for the living and celebrate those who will soon be given the gift of death.
Inquisition of Kozilek: You will scream out your innermost secrets just to make it stop.
Inquisition: Many of those entrusted to Primata Delphine's care tended to express themselves with screams.
Inquisitor Exarch: "Skin is the prison of the blessed and the stronghold of the heretic." / —Argent Etchings, plate 64, passage 17
Inquisitor's Snare: Driven by their paranoia, kithkin inflict on their foes all the agonies they believe would have been inflicted on them.
Insatiable Harpy: Gold coin, battered helmet, broken wrist bone—all have the same value in the eyes of a harpy.
Insatiable Souleater: "We thank the souleaters for culling our sick so that the strong may earn their triumphs." / —Drones' hymn of gratitude
Insectile Aberration: "Unfortunately, all my test animals have died or escaped, so I shall be the final subject. I feel no fear. This is a momentous night." / —Laboratory notes, final entry
Inside Out: Seyden's temperament didn't take well to the puca's magic. Nor did his face.
Insidious Dreams: Chainer dreams of ultimate knowledge.
Insight: "We can fight with you or against you. After my day, I'd prefer the former." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Insist: "Finesse is no match for brute force." / —Seton, centaur druid
Insolence: "Sacrificing mortal dragons to satisfy your immortal hunger ends here." / —Darigaaz, to Rith
Inspiration: "Day 31: I finally succeeded in my time reversal experiment! / "Day 30: I might have a problem here." / —Journal of the Prime Izmagnus
Inspiration: "Madness and genius are separated only by degrees of success." / —Sidar Jabari
Inspiration: Madness and genius are separated only by degrees of success.
Inspired Charge: "Impossible! How could they overwhelm us? We had barricades, war elephants, . . . and they were barely a tenth of our number!" / —General Avitora
Inspirit: "The hour of your redemption is here. . . . Rally to me. . . . rise and strike. Strike at every favorable opportunity. For your homes and hearths, strike!" / —General Douglas MacArthur, / to the people of the Philippines
Inspirit: "We will force the Cabal into their own pits"
Instigator: The desecration of their dead makes even the Saprazzans careless.
Instill Furor: "The Rakdos know little of technology, but they definitely know how to push buttons." / —Trivaz, Izzet mage
Instill Infection: "The results of our ninth inoculation were the same. The specimen was, of course, euthanized before the contagion could spread." / —Vedalken research notes
Insurrection: "Maybe they wanted to be on the winning side for once." / —Matoc, lavamancer
Intangible Virtue: In life, they were a motley crew: farmers, lords, cutpurses, priests. In death, they are united in singular, benevolent purpose.
Intervene: "At first I simply observed. But I found that without investment in others, life serves no purpose." / —Karn, silver golem
Intimidation Bolt: For hours afterward, all they could see was the grisly silhouette of their master, screaming.
Intimidation: "If they move, kill them. In fact, kill one now to make sure the other understands."
Intimidator Initiate: Don't stand in his way, for his way is full of pointy things and fire.
Into Thin Air: "Perhaps I should take Mirrodin apart and begin again." / —Memnarch
Into the Core: "They believe they're driving us back, but we're leading them to their doom." / —Kethek, furnace stoker
Into the Earthen Maw: "You may even see them again. Full digestion takes three hundred years."
Into the Maw of Hell: Few entrances lead to where demons and devils lurk. Unfortunately, they occasionally open new ones.
Into the North: "Our border lands fall under the grip of Heidar's second winter. Go forth and reclaim them for Yavimaya." / —Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Into the Roil: "Roil tide! Roil tide! Tie yourselves down!"
Into the Void: "The cathars have their swords, the inquisitors their axes. I prefer the ‘diplomatic' approach." / —Terhold, archmage of Drunau
Into the Wilds: "Wonders hide where the trees grow thickest." / —Mul Daya proverb
Intrepid Hero: "We each have our own strengths, Radiant," Serra said with a sly smile. "If all of my people were like this one, who would carry your scrolls?"
Intrepid Hero: A fool knows no fear. A hero shows no fear.
Introductions Are in Order: "Meet my newest minion. Come now, don't be shy—shake her pincer."
Intruder Alarm: Mirri was startled by Volrath's apparition—it had no scent.
Intruder Alarm: One footstep among many is silent. One footstep alone is deafening.
Inundate: "For years, the landfolk have emptied their refuse into the waters. It's time to return the favor."
Invasion Plans: Gerrard studied the globe as Mirri kept watch. Suddenly, his eyes widened. "This is Dominaria!"
Invasive Species: It's easier to relocate a village that lies in their path than to turn the bugs aside.
Invigorating Boon: The Mirari's echoes rang in the scouts' minds long after they had returned from the Krosan Forest.
Invigorating Falls: Krosan druids do not fear death, for they know that nature will only prosper from their passing.
Invincible Hymn: Bantians believe those who are born into the highest caste and live a life of discipline and virtue can ascend to become angels.
Inviolability: A soldier's faith is magic strong enough to protect against any blade.
Invisibility: Verick held his breath. Breathing wouldn't reveal his position, but it would force him to smell the goblins.
Invisible Stalker: "All that concerns me is the vampires' sense of smell and those freezing Nephalian nights."
Invoke the Firemind: To those in tune with the Firemind, there is no difference between knowledge and flame.
Ion Storm: When enough artifacts lie too long in the same place, their magical radiation weakens reality, opening rifts of unpredictable destructive power.
Iona's Judgment: Beneath the gaze of angels, only the righteous may stand without fear.
Iona, Shield of Emeria: No more shall the righteous cower before evil.
Ire of Kaminari: "Thunder broke the brittle silence over the Araba. A surge of raw energy lifted the soldier's body into the air and briefly, in the heart of the flash, he saw the face of a god." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Iridescent Angel: She enraptures all, encompasses all, endures all.
Irini Sengir: "That cruel being brings shame to all her fellow Dwarves and misery to all the land. She is Sengir's daughter in spirit if not in blood." / —Reveka, Wizard Savant
Iron Lance: "The only way to get Mercadians to fight on the front lines is to give them really long weapons." / —Gerrard
Iron Maiden: The maiden is a jealous lover.
Iron Myr: The goblins didn't think of the myr at all, which allowed the myr to observe everywhere unhindered.
Iron Myr: The myr are like rusted metal: gleaming purpose hidden by a thin disguise of debris.
Iron Star: Forged by a thousand flames.
Iron Tusk Elephant: "The fury in the lion's eye; / the patience in the hippo's yawn; / the pride within the griffin's cry / are one within the iron tusk's stride." / —"Iron Tusk," Femeref song
Iron-Barb Hellion: When you feel a rumble in the ground, hold perfectly still. One sound will bring the hellion.
Ironclaw Buzzardiers: They warn the army of danger as they squawk past in swift retreat.
Ironclaw Orcs: Generations of genetic weeding have given rise to the deviously cowardly Ironclaw clan.
Ironclaw Orcs: Generations of genetic weeding have given rise to the deviously cowardly Ironclaw clan. To say that Orcs in general are vicious, depraved, and ignoble does not do justice to the Ironclaw.
Ironfang: Each morning, he repairs the front door.
Ironhoof Ox: The good news is it's vegetarian. The bad news is it just doesn't like you.
Ironroot Treefolk: "‘I'll show you how to handle the treefolk!' the giant bragged, and he strode off into the forest. Two days later he returned, his face masked in sap and a nest behind his ear. None dared ask who won." / —Azeworai, "The Treeling"
Ironroot Treefolk: The mating habits of Treefolk, particularly the stalwart Ironroot Treefolk, are truly absurd. Molasses comes to mind. It's amazing the species can survive at all given such protracted periods of mate selection, conjugation, and gestation.
Ironshell Beetle: "Why waste time creating weapons? Nature provides us with all we need." / —Centaur warrior
Irradiate: The blast ignores the cage of metal but devours the flesh inside.
Irresistible Prey: The baloth's instincts boiled, its muscles pulled taut, and its razor-spines bristled, as it turned to face—a runt meepling.
Isamaru, Hound of Konda: The hound sniffed the air and let slip a low growl. General Takeno looked down at the faithful Isamaru and calmed him with a touch. "Alert the men. The kami are coming."
Isao, Enlightened Bushi: "I do not care if he claims no allegiance in this war. Find him, Takeno." / —Lord Konda
Ishi-Ishi, Akki Crackshot: "Here fell Ishi-Ishi, King of the Flaming Pebbles, Scourge of the Mountain Kami, Lover of Goats. May his shell never burn." / —Cave inscription
Island of Wak-Wak: The Isle of Wak-Wak, home to a tribe of winged folk, is named for a peculiar fruit that grows there. The fruit looks like a woman's head, and when ripe speaks the word "Wak."
Isleback Spawn: The more deadly the lake monster, the shorter the tale.
Isolated Chapel: Not every church is a place of faith.
Isolation Cell: "Attrition is the answer. Starve them, and let their despair be their undoing." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Isperia, Supreme Judge: "I serve only justice. But through that duty, I serve all of Ravnica."
It That Betrays: Your pleas for death shall go unheard.
Ivory Crane Netsuke: It is said that the feathers of a crane are clouds, plucked and sewn together by the hands of the kami.
Ivory Cup: Blessed by a thousand prayers.
Ivory Guardians: "But who is to guard the guards themselves?" / —Juvenal, Satires
Ivory Guardians: The elite guard of the Mesa High Priests, the Ivory Guardians were created to protect the innocent and faithful.
Ivory Guardians: The elite guard of the Mesa High Priests, the Ivory Guardians, were created to protect the innocent and faithful. Some say their actions are above the law.
Ivory Mask: "I did not choose my role, Orim," said Cho-Manno patiently, "and I suspect Gerrard did not choose his."
Ivory Mask: Made from its wearer's hopes, the mask ensures that those hopes will be fulfilled.
Ivory Tower: Valuing scholarship above all else, the inhabitants of the Ivory Tower reward those who sacrifice power for knowledge.
Ivorytusk Fortress: Abzan soldiers march to war confident that their Houses march with them.
Ivy Dancer: Her ivy locks are a remnant of the wooded wilds now lost to Ravnica forever.
Ivy Elemental: In the gardens of the centaurs, many travelers have mysteriously vanished while admiring the elaborate topiaries.
Ivy Lane Denizen: "Skyknight gear? Well, I have drake-skin gauntlets, supple and fireproof. Or a ceratok chestplate that'll stop a crossbow bolt."
Ixidor's Will: "Some dreams should not come to be."
Ixidor, Reality Sculptor: "Reality has exiled me. I am no longer bound by its laws."
Izzet Chronarch: He ensures not only whether but also when and where the lightning strikes twice.
Izzet Cluestone: It holds within it an unsolvable riddle. A creative answer yields an invitation to the guild.
Izzet Guildgate: Beyond lies the culmination of all Izzet projects, a grand experiment led by the dragon Niv-Mizzet himself.
Izzet Guildgate: Enter those with the vision to create and the daring to release their creations.
Izzet Signet: The Izzet signet is redesigned often, each time becoming closer to a vanity portrait of Niv-Mizzet.
Jabari's Influence: "Common soldiers can't understand what a sidar knows: the enemy can be a resource." / —Sidar Jabari
Jace's Archivist: "This is a sacred duty. Master Beleren's trust has bought an eternity of my loyalty."
Jace's Erasure: "You should try to clear your mind of idle thoughts. And if you can't, I will."
Jace's Ingenuity: "Brute force can sometimes kick down a locked door, but knowledge is a skeleton key."
Jace's Phantasm: In the abstract memories of the Iquati, Jace found interesting ideas to improve upon.
Jackal Familiar: "Let the gray-hairs keep their ravens and drakes. My familiar will be a reflection of me: bloodthirsty, with a predator's instinct." / —Taivang, barbarian warlord
Jackal Pup: "Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war." / —William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar
Jackal Pup: The first morning after acquiring her familiar, the wizard awoke with fleabites and mange.
Jackalope Herd: There's little more demeaning than getting your butt kicked by a bunch of bunnies.
Jacques le Vert: Abandoning his sword to return to the lush forest of Pendelhaven, Jacques le Vert devoted his life to protecting the creatures of his homeland.
Jaddi Lifestrider: Nature's arms encircle all who are willing to draw close.
Jade Idol: Before the Kami War, the shishi were symbolic guardians, protecting the shrines where they stood. But after the kami turned on the material world, shishi began pouncing from their perches to attack would-be supplicants.
Jade Leech: "It took magic to extract one of the stones and five people to carry it." / —Tolarian research notes
Jade Mage: "We are one with the wild things. Life blooms from our fingertips and nature responds to our summons." / —Jade creed
Jade Statue: "Some of the other guys dared me to touch it, but I knew it weren't no ordinary hunk o' rock." —Norin the Wary
Jade Statue: "The paradox of jade statues is that their victims never really expect attack, but they are never completely surprised either." / —Kabel, Tolarian archivist
Jaded Response: "Calm down everyone; it's nothing we haven't seen before." / —Sisay
Jagged Lightning: The pungent smell of roasting flesh made both mages realize they'd rather break for dinner than fight.
Jagged Poppet: Few puppets are so willing.
Jagwasp Swarm: "You know how to tell a sapling explorer from an old hardhead? See which one mistakes a swarm of jagwasps for the setting sun." / —Chadir the Navigator
Jalira, Master Polymorphist: "You can become anything if I just put my mind to it."
Jalum Tome: Most books simply deliver knowledge. This one expects some in return.
Jalum Tome: This timeworn relic was responsible for many of Urza's victories, though he never fully comprehended its mystic runes.
Jalum Tome: This timeworn relic was responsible for many of Urza's victories, though he never fully comprehended its mystical runes.
Jamuraan Lion: The lion blinked / —Femeref expression meaning "situation avoided"
Jandor's Saddlebags: Each day of their journey, Jandor opened the saddlebags and found them full of mutton, quinces, cheese, date rolls, wine, and all manner of delicious and satisfying foods.
Jandor's Saddlebags: Your heart's desire is found within. / —Saddlebag inscription
Jangling Automaton: "We always look upon our first creations as masterpieces, no matter how awful they are." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Jarad's Orders: "The Izzet are searching for something. Discern what or die trying."
Jareth, Leonine Titan: Light's champion in the stronghold of darkness.
Jasmine Boreal: "Peace must prevail, even if the wicked must die."
Jawbone Skulkin: "Ah, skull of shrew—a very potent substance. In powdered form, it gives thrice the zing of noggle hoof pulp." / —Boghald, Barrenton medic
Jaws of Stone: When giants find their mountain homes infested, they have a whole range of solutions.
Jaya Ballard Avatar: TSP Prize Avatar
Jayemdae Tome: "Knowledge is power." / —Sir Francis Bacon, / Meditationes Sacrae
Jayemdae Tome: "Knowledge is power." / —Sir Francis Bacon, Meditationes Sacrae
Jayemdae Tome: A true scribe devotes an entire lifetime to the creation of a single volume, a masterpiece as unique as its maker.
Jazal Goldmane: "As my kha, he is the source of my inspiration. As my brother, he is the embodiment of my aspirations." / —Ajani Goldmane
Jedit Ojanen of Efrava: The cat warriors recognized this Jedit's face, but not his fierce loyalty to Efrava.
Jedit Ojanen: Mightiest of the Cat Warriors, Jedit Ojanen forsook the forests of his tribe and took service with the Robaran Mercenaries, rising through their ranks to lead them in the battle for Efrava.
Jedit Ojanen: Mightiest of the cat warriors, Jedit Ojanen forsook the forests of his tribe and took service with the Robaran Mercenaries, rising through their ranks to lead them in the battle for Efrava.
Jedit's Dragoons: After Efrava was destroyed, the cat warriors scattered across Dominaria. Those who followed Jedit's example were strong enough to survive the ravages of apocalypse.
Jelenn Sphinx: Few among the Azorius have ever spoken with the sphinxes, but all have felt their influence.
Jenara, Asura of War: Wounded soldiers looked up, grateful for her appearance. But she passed over them, her eyes firmly on their foe.
Jerrard of the Closed Fist: Once, the order of the Closed Fist reached throughout the Kb'Briann Highlands. Now, Jerrard alone remains to uphold their standard.
Jeska, Warrior Adept: "My brother and I both come from Balthor's forge. Kamahl has a temper of fire. I have a temper of steel."
Jeskai Banner: Discipline to persevere, insight to discover.
Jeskai Student: Discipline is the first pillar of the Jeskai Way. Each member of the clan trains in a weapon, perfecting its use over a lifetime.
Jeskai Windscout: They range from Sage-Eye Stronghold to the farthest reaches of Tarkir.
Jester's Cap: "Know your foes' strengths as well as their weaknesses." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Jester's Cap: "Know your foes' strengths as well as their weaknesses." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Jester's Sombrero: "¡Yo quiero Kormus Bell!"
Jetting Glasskite: The bolt struck with a flash and there was a terrible sound, as of glass shattering, but the creature was unharmed.
Jetting Glasskite: The bolt struck with a flash, and there was a terrible sound, as of glass shattering, but the creature was unharmed.
Jeweled Spirit: As he knows all the world completely, the world refuses him harm.
Jhessian Balmgiver: "You have two choices: heed my advice now or need my healing later."
Jhessian Infiltrator: The Jhessian navy makes successful raids on Valeron's coastal towns thanks to their spies planted during peacetime.
Jhessian Lookout: She stands ready, always watchful, knowing that weeks of peace and serenity can be overturned by a single distant sail.
Jhoira of the Ghitu Avatar: FUT Particiption Avatar
Jhoira's Toolbox: It entertained Jhoira to craft a kit that could bring her the tools.
Jhovall Queen: War-trained jhovalls eat twice their weight in war-trained soldiers daily.
Jhovall Rider: Don't be fooled by the riders' fluid grace—it takes years of practice to ride these beasts.
Jilt: "You're not my Hanna" / —Gerrard, to Yawgmoth
Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur: "It is not a goal, but a process—the process of creating the perfect Phyrexia."
Jinx: "What wizards upset, the land soon rights." / —Gemma, Willow Priestess
Jinxed Idol: "Here."
Jinxed Idol: "Please, honored friend, take it with my compliments. I insist."
Johnny, Combo Player: "Just wait till I get my Krark-Clan Ironworks, Genesis Chamber, and Grinding Station. Oh yeah, and a second Myr Retriever."
Johtull Wurm: "To bring her down we must be on all sides at once—leave one avenue open and we'll all be dead." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Johtull Wurm: "To bring her down we must be on all sides at once—leave one avenue open and we'll all be dead." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Join the Ranks: Expeditionary houses are notorious for their rivalries. But when adventurers meet in the wilderness, the instinct for mutual survival outweighs petty grudges.
Joiner Adept: A talented apprentice makes all things. The master makes all things possible.
Joint Assault: "By my power, werewolves shall become the wolfir, our allies in combat against darkness." / —Avacyn's Cursemute Decree
Jokulhaups: "I was shocked when I first saw the aftermath of the Yavimaya Valley disaster. The raging waters had swept away trees, bridges, and even houses. My healers had much work to do." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Jokulhaups: "I was shocked when I first saw the aftermath of the Yavimaya Valley disaster. The raging waters had swept away trees, bridges, and even houses. My healers had much work to do." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Jokulhaups: "The raging waters had swept away trees, bridges, and even houses. My healers had much work to do." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Jolrael's Centaur: "What need have I for cavalry when I can have horse and rider both in one?" / —Jolrael
Jolrael's Favor: "War destroys; nature renews." / —Jolrael, empress of beasts
Jolrael, Empress of Beasts: "I need no army. I have Jamuraa."
Jolt: "There's nothing like a sudden shock to clarify one's thoughts." / —Pashad ibn Asim, Suq'Ata trader
Jor Kadeen, the Prevailer: "As long as my hand holds a blade, there's hope for a pure Mirrodin once again."
Joraga Bard: Adventuring bards recite Chanter's Epics, never-ending tales that keep their comrades' minds alert to danger.
Journeyer's Kite: "From the clouds, you can see as far as the distant horizon. It's a reminder of the infinite possibilities of everyday life." / —Noboru, master kitemaker
Joven's Tools: "If that thief Joven ever shows his head around here again, make sure he leaves without it." / —Eron the Relentless
Joven: "Joven, you're almost as good a thief as I. But Eron hates you even more." / —Chandler
Jovial Evil: "Today, for a lark, let's visit the plains. I'm sure we'll find something to entertain us."
Joyous Respite: "I have been gifted by the kami with long life. So far, they have not seen fit to withdraw their gift. There may yet be a way to stop the killing without more blood, human or kami, being spilled." / —Dosan the Falling Leaf
Judge of Currents: Though the currents of the Lanes shift every year, the merrow never lose track of where they are or where they are going.
Judge's Familiar: "It misses nothing and it has no sense of humor." / —Barvisa, courtroom scribe
Juggernaut: Built with neither a way to steer nor a way to stop, the juggernauts were simply aimed at an enemy's best defenses and told to charge.
Juggernaut: Many a besieged city has surrendered upon hearing the distinctive rumble of the juggernaut.
Juggernaut: The goblins built it far larger than the cave opening, but to their glee, it smashed into the mountainside, ripping itself a new exit.
Juggernaut: The mighty city of An Karras, with its rich history, built over thousands of years, fell in three hours.
Juggernaut: We had taken refuge in a small cave, thinking the entrance was too narrow for it to follow. To our horror, its gigantic head smashed into the mountainside, ripping itself a new entrance.
Juju Bubble: "If my heart had a lid, I would lift it and show you my joy." / —From Suq'Ata wedding ceremony
Jukai Messenger: Dosan's monks, deep in spiritual thought, could walk through the thickest of forests without leaving a mark, even the leaves beneath their feet unaffected by their passing.
Jump: "Humanity has always envied the power of flight. So we took it." / —Scytha, aeromage
Jund Battlemage: "Of your blood I will make my mead, an offering to the thirsty jungle."
Jund Charm: Jund pulses with raw energy, waiting for shamans to shape it into useful form.
Jund Hackblade: The knights were halfway through their precombat rites before they realized the foul brute meant to start without them.
Jund Panorama: The sky is the dragon's throne, the seat from which it issues its fiery decrees.
Jungle Barrier: A massive pull of mana caused all of Dominaria to pause—Multani had transplanted Yavimaya to Urborg's edge.
Jungle Lion: The lion's only loyalty is to its hunger.
Jungle Shrine: On Naya, ambition and treachery are scarce, hunted nearly to extinction by the awe owed to terrestrial gods.
Jungle Troll: "You eat plants; I eat plants. You eat beasts; I eat you." / —Drulvurg, troll king
Jungle Weaver: Weavers' webs wall off swaths of territory more effectively than any portcullis made of iron.
Jungle Wurm: Broad as a baobab—and about as smart.
Juniper Order Advocate: "In these troubled times, we alone carry the hope of reconciliation between Elf and Human." / —Jaeuhl Carthalion, / Juniper Order Advocate
Juniper Order Advocate: "In these troubled times, we alone carry the hope of reconciliation between Elf and Human." / —Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order advocate
Juniper Order Druid: "The filthy towns of Kjeldor are no place for anyone to live. Fyndhorn is our home now." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Juniper Order Ranger: To protect the alliance between Kjeldor and Yavimaya, they trained in the ways of both.
Junk Diver: Garbage in, treasure out.
Junktroller: One man's trash is another man's troller.
Juntu Stakes: "Those who can't survive are of no consequence." / —Tsabo Tavoc
Juvenile Gloomwidow: Gloomwidow venom is particularly virulent during the spider's first years, when it does most of its hunting near the forest floor.
Juzám Djinn: "Expect my visit when the darkness comes. The night I think is best for hiding all." / —Ouallada
Juzám Djinn: "Expect my visit when the darkness comes. The night I think is best for hiding all." —Ouallada
Jwari Scuttler: "Yeah, they've got a lot of meat. The only downside to eating 'em is that you often find human bones and body parts inside." / —Jaby, Silundi Sea nomad
Jwari Shapeshifter: "The best expedition would be an entire team of me."
Kaalia of the Vast: "I'll have my revenge if I have to call on every force from above and below."
Kabuto Moth: "Many great warriors died in the first days of the war, as the spirits of their weaponry turned against them with terrifying rage." / —Observations of the Kami War
Kaervek the Merciless: "Rats and jackals feast in his swath, but even they will not walk with him." / —Mangara
Kaervek's Hex: "If the curse does not strike you dead, question your soul." / —Kaervek
Kaervek's Spite: "The end justifies the means. What do I care if I rule over the dead rather than over the living? The dead ask fewer questions." / —Kaervek
Kaervek's Torch: The pulsing heat of the midday Sun burns in the Lion's eye. / —Stone inscription, source unknown
Kagemaro's Clutch: The mist was thick, cloying, and constricting. Shiro fought his way to fresh air only to look back and see his comrades fallen on the battlefield behind him.
Kaijin of the Vanishing Touch: When it's finished, all that's left of you is a ripple on a still pond.
Kalastria Highborn: Each of Malakir's great families boasts a contingent of nulls appropriate to its rank in society.
Kaleidostone: Once broken, who knows what worlds might grow from its shards?
Kalonian Behemoth: "Do not fire upon it—it is bad luck. And a waste of arrows." / —Alera Benath, Kalonian ranger
Kalonian Hydra: Even baloths fear its feeding time.
Kalonian Tusker: "And all this time I thought we were tracking it." / —Juruk, Kalonian tracker
Kamahl's Summons: As Krosa unleashed the peace in Kamahl, he unleashed the fury in Krosa.
Kamahl, Fist of Krosa: "My mind has changed. My strength has not."
Kamahl, Pit Fighter: "I didn't come to play. I came to win."
Kamahl, Pit Fighter: In times when freedom seems lost, great souls arise to reclaim it.
Kami of Ancient Law: "Duty and law are the foundation on which civilization stands. They must not fall, for when they do, they take everything with them." / —Lord Konda
Kami of False Hope: "Across the rift of battle, a bridge of gossamer. And for one moment, it holds." / —Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Kami of Fire's Roar: "I can hear the shamans chanting in the hills. They say their magic will protect us from the kami, that our gold has bought our safety. But no one sleeps soundly tonight." / —Scroll fragment from the ruins of Reito
Kami of Old Stone: "There was a wall here. Now it is dust. A tower rose here. Now it is fallen. An army fought here. Now it is dead. A spirit was here. It is all that remains." / —Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Kami of Tattered Shoji: It remembered all the shadows lantern-cast upon its paper wings, and sometimes those silhouettes played across its shape again, acting out silent tragedies.
Kami of Twisted Reflection: Its form reflected humanity as it stood during the Kami War: disjointed, confused, and incomplete.
Kami of the Crescent Moon: "He's a lot like me, that masterless little kami . . . unimpressed by grandeur and never at a loss for a trick." / —Toshiro Umezawa
Kami of the Hunt: "Don't worry, Jiro. The kami would never attack us this close to home . . . . Jiro?" / —Hoto, temple guardian, last words
Kami of the Painted Road: In ancient times, precepts of kami law were inscribed onto bridges as a gesture of respect. During the war, humans regarded them as warnings of where not to travel.
Kami of the Waning Moon: "For a moment, Reito's defenders regrouped. Then wailing kami reappeared to send them scattering like flocks of frightened birds." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Kapsho Kitefins: "It's a truly disconcerting sight to see their shadows cast upon the deck." / —Captain Triff
Karador, Ghost Chieftain: "Death tried to uncrown me. But now I return, king of a greater realm."
Karakas: "To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee,/ One clover, and a bee,/ And revery." / —Emily Dickinson
Karakas: "To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee,/ One clover, and a bee,/ And revery." —Emily Dickinson
Karametra's Acolyte: "The wilds are a garden tended by divine hands."
Karametra's Favor: The harvest god's cornucopia contains the fruits of the fields, the forest, and beyond.
Karn: Both part of the Legacy and an individual in his own right, the silver golem Karn is haunted by a single, terrible incident: while serving to protect the young Gerrard, Karn accidentally took the life of another. Wakened from years spent as a statue, the golem has vowed to never kill again as he rejoins Gerrard.
Karona, False God Avatar: SCG Participation Avatar
Karoo Meerkat: "Be like the meerkat, my daughters: ever vigilant, true to your own, and wary of strangers." / —Nabil Alamat, Suq'Ata merchant
Karplusan Giant: "They aren't the brightest or the quickest of Giants. For that matter, the same holds true if you compare them to rocks." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Karplusan Giant: "They aren't the brightest or the quickest of giants. For that matter, the same holds true if you compare them to rocks." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Karplusan Strider: The strider's long, loping gait is an adaptation that allows it to move quickly in deep snow.
Karplusan Wolverine: "They're not easily trained. Fortunately, they already know how to kill." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Karplusan Yeti: "What's that smell?" / —Perena Deepcutter, / Dwarven Armorer
Kashi-Tribe Warriors: The orochi and the monks had always had an unspoken agreement: live and let live. But when the kami began raging, some warrior youths began questioning that agreement.
Kasimir the Lone Wolf: Popular indeed is the tale of how Kasimir was once a Holy man who renounced his order to take up the sword. But this tale is no more likely than any other.
Katabatic Winds: Wind will win, whatever we wish.
Kataki, War's Wage: "Before the war, we prayed to Kataki to sharpen our swords and harden our armor. Without his blessing our weapons are all but useless against the kami hordes." / —Kenzo the Hardhearted
Kavu Chameleon: "They weren't part of my plan, but Gaea insisted." / —Urza
Kavu Climber: "There was a crack of branches, a rustle of leaves, then a tremendous roar. Our party had no chance as death descended from above." / —Taseen, elvish bard
Kavu Climber: The appearance of the first kavu surprised Multani. As they continued to emerge, he no longer had any doubts about Yavimaya's ability to defend herself.
Kavu Lair: As a dark rain of Phyrexians fell from the sky, fountains of kavu erupted from the ground.
Kavu Mauler: To the kavu, all Phyrexians are merely crunchy snacks.
Kavu Monarch: Kavu emerged all across Dominaria, but the first and the strongest came from Yavimaya.
Kavu Predator: In a withered world, the scent of healthy prey is enough to drive a predator to frenzy.
Kavu Recluse: Few ever see this particular breed of kavu, which hides in forests of its own making.
Kavu Scout: The kavu evolved for centuries deep inside Dominaria, and some can draw from its strength.
Kaysa: Kaysa speaks as the Elder Druid, but the Yavimaya recognizes only one voice: its own.
Kaysa: Kaysa speaks as the elder druid, but Yavimaya recognizes only one voice: its own.
Kazandu Blademaster: "If you hire a sell-sword, you'd better watch your back. Hire me, and I'll watch it for you."
Kazuul Warlord: On expeditions, minotaurs are worth their weight in gold. Fortunately for their paymasters, most minotaurs don't know how much they weigh.
Kazuul, Tyrant of the Cliffs: Warning to those who scale the cliffs without paying tribute: It's a long way down.
Kederekt Creeper: Bloated with venom, it crawls Grixis looking for victims to ooze onto.
Kederekt Parasite: When the smell of passing thoughts piques its hunger, its maw becomes primed with acid and a taste for brains.
Keen Sense: Crovax sensed that Mirri wasn't ready for the curse taking hold of her. Weeping in his heart, he fled.
Keen-Eyed Archers: "If it has wings, shoot it. If it doesn't, shoot it anyway."
Keeneye Aven: "I have no need of a map. The continent itself guides my way."
Keeneye Aven: "I have no need of a map. The very continent itself guides my way."
Keening Apparition: Some souls are too damaged to be of use to the Orzhov.
Keening Banshee: Her cold wail echoes in the alleys and under-eaves, finding the unfortunate and turning their blood to ice.
Keening Stone: As it spins, dead voices shriek in an ever-increasing cacophony, rending the mind asunder.
Keep Watch: "I see their moral dilemmas. I see their raw courage. I see their self-sacrifice. I see our victory."
Keeper of Kookus: Wanted: Thick-skinned goblin for guarding mean ol' Kookus. Must like fires. Must heal quickly.
Keeper of Progenitus: He watches over the valley where Progenitus sleeps, culling signs from its steaming breaths.
Keeper of the Nine Gales: "You cannot fight the storm."
Keeper of the Sacred Word: This is not a subliminal message.
Keepers of the Faith: And then the Archangel Anthius spoke to them, saying, "Fear shall be vanquished by the Sword of Faith."
Keldon Arsonist: "Fields can be replanted. Settlements can be rebuilt. Burn it all." / —Latulla, Keldon overseer
Keldon Berserker: They fight beyond thought, beyond fear, and beyond mercy.
Keldon Firebombers: "If there isn't enough of Jamuraa left to stand on, I will still claim it for Keld." / —Latulla, Keldon overseer
Keldon Vandals: Keldons divide all their spoils into two groups: trophies and catapult ammunition.
Keldon Warlord: What if they threw a war, and everybody came?
Kelinore Bat: The nesting bats of Kelinore sleep soundly while the sun passes, nestled among their grisly collections.
Kelsinko Ranger: "Rangers not trained by the Elves just aren't the same." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Kemba's Legion: The squabble over succession was quickly replaced by the struggle to survive.
Kemba's Skyguard: "We're now to dispense aid to any Mirran we see battling anything . . . ‘strange.' Regent's orders." / —Ranya, skyhunter captain
Kemba, Kha Regent: "I am not Raksha. I never will be. But I refuse to be the kha who watched her pride be torn asunder."
Kentaro, the Smiling Cat: "The bonds of bushido will draw the dishonored back someday, and I will be there waiting."
Kessig Cagebreakers: "They put bars on these noble beasts and then wonder why werewolves target our towns."
Kessig Malcontents: Discontent is a powerful weapon in the hands of a mob.
Kessig Recluse: Its silk is highly prized, but then again, so is your life.
Kessig Wolf Run: When a werewolf changes for the first time, that first howl is said to echo through the wilds till moonset.
Kessig Wolf: "Don't be afraid when you hear the wolves howl. Be afraid when you don't hear them at all." / —Saint Trogen, the Slayer
Keymaster Rogue: "This one opens the grate outside Zelzo Base. This one is for Ismeri Library. This one is for an invisible door . . . No, I've said too much."
Khalni Gem: A fragment of ancient power lost in the heart of Ora Ondar.
Khalni Hydra: "In ages past, bargains were struck and promises were made. Now we must collect on our debt. Begin the hymns." / —Moruul, Khalni druid
Kher Keep: "They're still here?! The cockroach may have finally met its match." / —Teferi
Kheru Bloodsucker: It stares through the empty, pain-twisted faces of those it has drained.
Kheru Dreadmaw: Its hunting instincts have long since rotted away. Its hunger, however, remains.
Kiku's Shadow: "Me? No, I'm not going to kill you. I won't even lay a finger on you. I promise." / —Kiku, Night's Flower
Kiku, Night's Flower: "A wanderer has told me of an assassin in the Takenuma Swamp who uses her dark arts to animate her enemies' shadows against them. A wild tale, but it explains much." / —Diary of Azusa
Kill Shot: Mardu archers are trained in Dakla, the way of the bow. They never miss their target, no matter how small, how fast, or how far away.
Kill Switch: Success is largely a matter of knowing which lever to pull.
Kill! Destroy!: Getting "Gotcha'ed" again and again.
Kill-Suit Cultist: Dressed to kill.
Killer Bees: The communal mind produces a savage strategy, yet no one could predict that this vicious crossbreed would unravel the secret of steel.
Killer Instinct: "Take the bridge, men! Victory! Victory! is ou— Retreat! RETREAT"
Killer Whale: Hunger is like the sea: deep, endless, and unforgiving.
Killing Glare: A casual glance into a dark corner may be your last.
Killing Wave: "I come looking for demons and I find a plane full of angels. I hate angels." / —Liliana Vess
Kiln Fiend: It traps an explosion within its stony skin.
Kiln Walker: If it possesses an ability to understand and appreciate life, it has never shown it.
Kin-Tree Invocation: The passing years add new rings to the tree's trunk, bolstering the spirits that dwell within.
Kin-Tree Warden: "The amber of the tree and the blood of my veins are the same."
Kindercatch: In the forest villages of Kessig, parents feed their children wormwood and other bitter herbs, hoping to make them less palatable to things that roam the night.
Kindle the Carnage: "Start knockin' heads, boys, and don't stop 'til the ragamuffyn sings!"
Kindle: Hope of deliverance is scorched by the fire of futility.
Kindled Fury: "All beings carry the fire inside them. The challenge is to unleash it before they dwindle into oblivion." / —Illulia, flamekin soulstoke
Kindled Fury: "Rage is a dangerous weapon. Your enemies will try to use your anger against you. Use it against them first." / —Ajani Goldmane
King Cheetah: If you find yourself and a friend being chased by a King Cheetah, you have but one chance: Trip your friend. / —Suq'Ata wisdom
King Cheetah: If you find yourself and a friend being chased by a king cheetah, you have but one chance: Trip your friend. / —Suq'Ata wisdom
King Cheetah: If you find yourself and a friend being chased by a king cheetah, you have but one chance: Trip your friend. —Suq'Ata wisdom
King Crab: "I'm allergic to shellfish—not only did it kill my entire village, it also gave me this nasty rash." / —Olivia, fisher
King Suleiman: "We made tempestuous winds obedient to Solomon . . . And many of the devils We also made obedient to him." —The Qur'an, 21:81
King's Assassin: Fear is as effective a weapon as the blade.
Kingfisher: It's tastiest when served with the fish it stole.
Kingpin's Pet: "Debt and death sound so similar, and thrulls are so hard of hearing. Mistakes are inevitable." / —Milana, Orzhov prelate
Kinsbaile Balloonist: Even when a giant's tantrum turns the sky into a chaotic gale, the path of the balloonist never falters.
Kinsbaile Cavalier: Ambidexterity is common among kithkin. The thoughtweft links the minds of the left- and right-handed, giving each the knack of the other.
Kinsbaile Skirmisher: "If a boggart even dares breathe near one of my kin, I'll know. And I'll not be happy."
Kinscaer Harpoonist: The suspicious kithkin of Kinscaer patrol the skies, their eyes attuned to the shapes of outsiders.
Kiora's Follower: "She may call herself Kiora but I believe she is Thassa, the embodiment of the sea and empress of the depths."
Kira, Great Glass-Spinner: Each spell is an intricate tapestry, and Kira is the great unraveler.
Kird Ape: Apes can be gentle, contemplative beasts—but context is everything.
Kird Ape: It puts the "fur" in "fury."
Kismet: "Make people wait for what they want, and you have power over them. This is as true for merchants and militia as it is for cooks and couples." / —Gwendlyn Di Corci
Kiss of Death: "I'd sooner lock lips with a viper. At least I might walk away from that." / —Elvish scout
Kiss of the Amesha: Once a year, Akrasa holds a joust that draws knights and their leotaus from every nation on Bant. The prize is an Akrasan sigil, but the true reward is the angel's kiss.
Kitchen Finks: Accept one favor from an ouphe, and you're doomed to accept another.
Kite Shield: "To my sword I owe my glory, but to my shield I owe my life." / —Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Kitesail Apprentice: Carving lines through the sky, kite sailors map trails for the pilgrims below to follow.
Kitesail: Kitesailing is a way of life—and without practice, the end of it.
Kithkin Daggerdare: The kith dance their elaborate reels not merely to celebrate the events of their lives but to form an unbreakable bond of loyalty with their kin, a bond stronger than the fear of death itself.
Kithkin Greatheart: Sometimes a curious giant singles out a "little one" to follow for a few days, never realizing the effect it will have on the little one's life.
Kithkin Harbinger: Her ears are open to even the softest voice.
Kithkin Healer: The empathetic nature of the thoughtweft allows kithkin healers to treat the cause of an illness rather than fight its symptoms.
Kithkin Mourncaller: Eidren's hunts are dangerous affairs. All dread the inevitable recounting of those who died while flushing out his prey.
Kithkin Rabble: If even the slightest hint of panic enters the thoughtweft, bakers, potters, and even medics drop their spoons and salves to take up arms.
Kithkin Shielddare: The nova glyph is a potent symbol. A shield embossed with it can resist the force of even the most determined giant.
Kithkin Zealot: The more his flock fears, the more power he wields.
Kitsune Blademaster: Those kitsune trained in the blade preferred to fight with a blade-catching jitte in the off hand, buying them just enough time to deliver the first deadly cut.
Kitsune Bonesetter: "He kept generations whole before the Kami War, and now he turns his century of wisdom to healing the latest casualties." / —Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Kitsune Diviner: She who once led prayers honoring the kami adapted to use her influence to stay them.
Kitsune Loreweaver: "Know your history. The lessons of the past will shield you in times of doubt."
Kitsune Palliator: "Who am I to judge who is deserving and who is not? That is a question for lords, not healers."
Kitsune Riftwalker: The wake of his passage shoved aside the influence of the kami.
Kjeldoran Dead: "They shall drink sorrow's dregs. They shall kill those whom once they loved." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Kjeldoran Dead: "They shall kill those whom once they loved." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Kjeldoran Elite Guard: The winged helms of the Guard are put on for pageants—but taken off for war.
Kjeldoran Elite Guard: The winged helms of the guard are put on for pageants—but taken off for war.
Kjeldoran Escort: "The first caravan has passed safely through the Karplusan Mountains without incident, forging a trade route to Balduvia. Kjeld himself would never have believed it" / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Kjeldoran Escort: "We willingly trade with Kjeldor, but the peace we build must come from both our lands." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Kjeldoran Frostbeast: "Two of my Warriors found that the creature was dangerous not only in combat, but also in simple proximity." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Kjeldoran Gargoyle: The gargoyles were taken from the walls of flooded Kjeldoran cities and brought upland to guard the outposts of New Argive.
Kjeldoran Knight: "Those who do not ride the wind on Aesthir still command loyalty and respect." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Kjeldoran Outrider: "I listen to people. He sniffs the wind. And we both sense something big coming. Something very big."
Kjeldoran Phalanx: "There's nothing I like better than watching a street full of soldiers kicking down the doors of the guilty and the impure." / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Kjeldoran Royal Guard: "Honorable in battle, / generous in death." / —Motto of the Kjeldoran Royal Guard
Kjeldoran Royal Guard: Honorable in battle, generous in death. / —Motto of the Kjeldoran Royal Guard
Kjeldoran Royal Guard: Upon the frozen tundra stand the Kjeldoran Royal Guard, pikes raised, with the king's oath upon their lips.
Kjeldoran Skycaptain: "If we do our duty and uphold our honor, Kjeldor shall stand for a thousand years." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Kjeldoran Skycaptain: "If we do our duty and uphold our honor, Kjeldor shall stand for a thousand years." / —Arna Kennerüd, skyknight
Kjeldoran Skycaptain: The heartlink between soldier and steed is hatched with the aesthir struggling from its shell.
Kjeldoran Skyknight: "My Aesthir is my most trusted ally. We fight as one and live as one, and we will die as one." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Kjeldoran War Cry: King Darien's breath crystallized and fell to the frozen battlefield, but its command carried true to all soldiers of New Argive.
Kjeldoran Warrior: "Give me a thousand such Warriors and I could change the world." / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Knacksaw Clique: Most of the Knacksaw clique's skills were hewn from the minds of others.
Knight Errant: ". . . Before honor is humility." / —The Bible, Proverbs 15:33
Knight Errant: Knights are quick to pledge their loyalty and even quicker to charge into battle.
Knight Exemplar: "If you think you are brave enough to walk the path of honor, follow me into the dragon's den."
Knight Watch: "We lost respect after the battle for Barbu Rooftop. Send the troops to mingle respectfully with the citizens." / —Commander Yaszen of Boros
Knight of Dawn: Flash like daybreak to the fray. / —Motto of the Knights of Dawn
Knight of Dusk: "Challenge me with your strongest. I will paint my sword with their blood."
Knight of Dusk: Fall like night upon the foe. / —Motto of the Knights of Dusk
Knight of Glory: "I will uphold the law, and no manner of foe will stop me."
Knight of Infamy: "Your laws, like your bones, were made to be broken."
Knight of Meadowgrain: "By tradition, we don't speak for two days after battle. If our deeds won't speak for themselves, what else could be said?"
Knight of New Alara: "I embrace all of Alara, Grixis as much as Bant. Let my former home call me traitor. I do this not for accolades, but because it is right."
Knight of Obligation: He can calculate interest to six decimal places even in the midst of a deadly duel.
Knight of Stromgald: "Kjeldorans should rule supreme, and to the rest, death!" / —Avram Garrisson, / Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Knight of Stromgald: "Kjeldorans should rule supreme, and to the rest, death!" / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Knight of Stromgald: "Kjeldorans should rule supreme, and to the rest, death!" / —Avram Garrisson, leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Knight of the Hokey Pokey: That's what it's all about.
Knight of the Mists: Fear the mists, for they are armed.
Knight of the Reliquary: "Knowledge of Bant's landscape and ruins is a weapon that the invaders can't comprehend." / —Elspeth
Knight of the Skyward Eye: The Order of the Skyward Eye does the bidding of an evil force, unwittingly stirring fear and mistrust across Bant in accordance with his plans.
Knight of the White Orchid: Both guide and guard on open plain.
Knight-Captain of Eos: The strength of Bant's caste system is the unfailing loyalty of its meekest members.
Knighthood: "He has returned. He who brought the dark ones. He who poisoned our paradise. How shall we greet him? With swift and certain death!" / —Radiant, archangel
Knighthood: Kings don't make knights. Actions do.
Knights of Thorn: "With a great cry, the Goblin host broke and ran as the first wave of Knights penetrated its ranks." —Tivadar of Thorn, History of the Goblin Wars
Knights of Thorn: "With a great cry, the goblin host broke and ran as the first wave of knights penetrated its ranks." / —Tivadar of Thorn, / History of the Goblin Wars
Knollspine Dragon: It woke to find a vast world in need of a master.
Knollspine Invocation: Witches tempted by the power of flame gathered to study in the ruins of Spinerock Knoll.
Knotvine Mystic: The elves of Naya were the last to acknowledge the massive shift of mana in their world.
Knotvine Paladin: "He is part of a new breed of guardian, one who embraces the best of both his world and ours." / —Mayael the Anima
Know Naught but Fire: "Cranial explosions for everyone. Still planning to outthink my dragons?"
Knowledge and Power: "Information is a powerful weapon." / —Cymede, queen of Akros
Knucklebone Witch: Each bone honors its owner's best pranks.
Kobold Drill Sergeant: "Joining this army is easy, boy. Just survive your first battle."
Kobold Overlord: "One for all, all for one; we strike first, and then you're done!" —Oath of the Kobold Musketeers
Kobold Taskmaster: The Taskmaster knows that there is no cure for the common Kobold.
Kobold Taskmaster: The taskmaster knows that there is no cure for the common kobold.
Kobolds of Kher Keep: Kher Keep is unique among fortresses: impervious to aerial assault but defenseless from the ground.
Kodama of the North Tree: "The monks of the North Tree rarely saw their kodama until the Kami War, when it woke like a slumbering, angry bear." / —"Poem of the Five Trees"
Kodama of the South Tree: "The monks of the South Tree had always reveled beneath their kodama's friendly gaze. During the Kami War, this gaze became fierce and full of hate." / —"Poem of the Five Trees"
Kodama's Reach: "The land grows only where the kami will it." / —Dosan the Falling Leaf
Kokusho, the Evening Star: The fall of the evening star never heralds a gentle dawn.
Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon": "Such a lord as this—all virtues' height— / Had never been, nor ever was again."
Kongming, "Sleeping Dragon": "Such a lord as this—all virtues' height—Had never been, nor ever was again."
Kor Cartographer: Kor have no concept of exploration. They return to homelands forgotten.
Kor Chant: Sacred rites repurposed to fight an ancient threat.
Kor Chant: The true treasure no thief can touch.
Kor Dirge: Rath's new evincar eliminated the brutish moggs and took a new slave race, one more reminiscent of her own feline grace.
Kor Duelist: "Swords cannot reach far enough. Chains cannot strike hard enough. An eternal dilemma, but a simple one."
Kor Firewalker: "A river of lava is just another river to cross."
Kor Hookmaster: "For us, a rope represents the ties that bind the kor. For you, it's more literal."
Kor Line-Slinger: "I tried to tell her to stay behind, that this fight was too dangerous. I spent the next hour tied to the rafters." / —Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Kor Outfitter: "We take only what we need to survive. Believe me, you will need this."
Kor Sanctifiers: "Why keep such trinkets? They only add weight to your travels."
Kor Skyfisher: "Sometimes I snare the unexpected, but I know its purpose will be revealed in time."
Kor Spiritdancer: She reaches beyond the physical realm, touching the ideals from which all creatures draw their power.
Korozda Gorgon: "Welcome to my collection."
Koskun Keep: Treachery and anarchy make poor partners.
Koth's Courier: Koth sent partisans into the Tangle to bring survivors to the safe haven of the tunnels below Kuldotha.
Kozilek's Predator: It's difficult to outwit something that doesn't speak, strategize, or even think.
Kragma Butcher: Minotaurs go into battle hungry. The first sight of their enemies' blood sends them into a flesh-eating rage.
Kragma Warcaller: A warcaller merely brings the herd together. After that, the meat-hunger is all the encouragement they need.
Kraken Hatchling: A spike and a maul are needed to crack their shells, but the taste is worth the effort.
Kraken of the Straits: Thassa felt no need to punish the sailors for their folly in crossing the straits. The kraken would do it for her.
Kraken's Eye: Bright as a mirror, dark as the sea.
Kraken's Eye: It's seen the wonders of entire worlds trapped in the depths of a bottomless ocean.
Krakilin: "A perfect reflection of its world: brutal, fetal, and lacking truth." / —Oracle en-Vec
Krallenhorde Wantons: The boot prints became paw prints, and they led right back into town.
Kranioceros: "A surly beast, the kranioceros will raise its defenses at the smallest threat. Stay out of sight and downwind, or you'll disrupt its natural migrations." / —Ebrel, godtoucher mentor
Krark's Thumb: "I can think of one goblin it ain't so lucky for." / —Slobad, goblin tinkerer
Krark-Clan Engineers: "Well, I jammed the whatsit into the whackdoodle, but I think I broke the thingamajigger."
Krark-Clan Grunt: The more weapons a goblin breaks in battle, the more respected he becomes.
Krark-Clan Ironworks: All the junk, refuse, and offal of the Krark Clan is diligently collected, melted down, and made into more junk, refuse, and offal.
Krark-Clan Ogre: The Krark Clan believes it's caught an ogre. The ogre believes he's caught seven goblins.
Krark-Clan Shaman: "What do you mean, we're out of stuff to melt down? Give me your leg."
Krark-Clan Stoker: Fallen enemies are fed to the scavengers. Fallen friends are thrown into the Great Furnace, their souls returned to the Great Mother.
Kraul Warrior: The insectile kraul lurk in the tunnels below street level. Many are loyal to the Golgari Swarm, but others follow their own esoteric caste system.
Krazy Kow: "I got your milk right here!"
Krenko's Command: Goblins are eager to follow orders, especially when those orders involve stealing, hurting, annoying, eating, destroying, or swearing.
Krenko's Enforcer: He just likes to break legs. Collecting the debt is a bonus.
Krenko, Mob Boss: "He displays a perverse charisma fueled by avarice. Highly dangerous. Recommend civil sanctions." / —Agmand Sarv, Azorius hussar
Kresh the Bloodbraided Avatar: ALA Prize Avatar
Kresh the Bloodbraided: Each of his twenty-two braids is bound with bone and leather from a foe.
Kris Mage: Her blade draws blood without ever touching its target.
Krond the Dawn-Clad: Krond, the personification of the dawn's light, lives to exact justice on his nemesis Vela.
Krosan Avenger: She'd have a fearsome reputation if she left any survivors.
Krosan Beast: Those who see the squirrels go underground in the winter aren't ready for what emerges in the spring.
Krosan Colossus: When it walked, it altered geography. When it bellowed, it changed the weather.
Krosan Constrictor: "It's a slithering, coldblooded menace. I've gotta respect that." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Krosan Drover: "Sit."
Krosan Grip: "Give up these unnatural weapons, these scrolls. Heart and mind and fist are enough." / —Zyd, Kamahlite druid
Krosan Groundshaker: You know it's coming when you hear the distant thunder. You know where it's been when you see the path of broken trees.
Krosan Warchief: It turns prey into predator.
Krosan Wayfarer: "The Krosan Forest lives, and druids are its seeds." / —Seton, centaur druid
Krovikan Elementalist: "The Elementalists' talents could be useful if turned to other purposes." / —Zur the Enchanter
Krovikan Fetish: Some Krovikans find strength in the ears and eyes of their victims and wear such fetishes into battle.
Krovikan Mist: "It's as strong as you believe it is, and it's very convincing." / —Jace Beleren
Krovikan Mist: Plague-induced dreams became real as they swirled above Krov, mingling with the magical residue of the World Spell.
Krovikan Scoundrel: The few surviving humans of Krov would have welcomed the return of winter and its sterilizing cold. They often peered northward, hoping that the snow's edge had reached their infested city-tomb.
Krovikan Sorcerer: "These Sorcerers always seem to have another surprise up their sleeves." / —Zur the Enchanter
Krovikan Sorcerer: "These sorcerers always seem to have another surprise up their sleeves." / —Zur the Enchanter
Kruin Outlaw: "Hold tight. I've got a surprise for them."
Kruin Striker: Unhappy with the creation of the wolfir, Rorica broke with her order and led a crusade against the "reformed werewolves."
Krumar Bond-Kin: "The Abzan replaced my savagery with a noble heritage. I would give my life for my House."
Kruphix's Insight: The horizon is tantalizing in both its uncertainty and its potential.
Kukemssa Pirates: ". . . pirates gambled with a djinn and lost the thing more dear than gold." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Kuldotha Forgemaster: The goblins say it used to be larger, before it began to stoke the Great Furnace with pieces of itself.
Kuldotha Rebirth: All goblin rituals serve a dual purpose as fertility rites, even the destructive ones. Especially the destructive ones.
Kuldotha Ringleader: Being surrounded by goblins is less objectionable when they're fighting for you.
Kulrath Knight: Mounted cinders circle the blasted peak at Kulrath, hunting the Extinguisher.
Kumano's Pupils: "Long before he reluctantly joined the war, stories spread of Kumano's followers winning victories against the kami." / —Observations of the Kami War
Kurgadon: When it walks through Krosa, trees step aside, leaves take wing, and the ground shudders.
Kurkesh, Onakke Ancient: The Onakke were masters of dark arts and artifice. Their creations continue to spread foul magic, paving the way for their return.
Kuro's Taken: Simple bargains are the most tempting, and oni bargains are the simplest of all: eternal life for eternal service.
Kyoki, Sanity's Eclipse: "Kyoki, Eater of Minds, Corrupter of Thoughts, Bringer of Madness, Lord of Fear. Return, by our blood, and walk again." / —Ogre chant
Kyren Glider: Mercadia's Kyren goblins are the opposite of Dominarian goblins: they're smart and cowardly.
Kyren Negotiations: Kyren goblins always speak in questions and never allow wrong answers.
Kyren Sniper: Kyren goblins always act behind the scenes—even in battle.
Laboratory Maniac: His mind whirled with grand plans, never thinking of what might happen if he were to succeed.
Labyrinth Champion: "It used to be a lair. Now it's just a tunnel."
Labyrinth Minotaur: "I doubt any Labyrinth Minotaurs still live—but then again, we Minotaurs are stubborn beings." / —Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Labyrinth Minotaur: "I doubt any labyrinth minotaurs still live—but then again, we minotaurs are stubborn beings." / —Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Labyrinth Minotaur: "I doubt any labyrinth minotaurs still live—but then we minotaurs are stubborn beings." / —Onatah, Anaba shaman
Labyrinth Minotaur: "Legend says they got a treasure cave, but it don't say where to find it." / —Zeki, Reef Pirate
Laccolith Grunt: They leave a trail of ash and sorrow.
Laccolith Titan: Proximity guarantees injury or death.
Laccolith Warrior: The screams are brief. The silence lingers.
Laccolith Whelp: They don't feed; they stoke.
Lace with Moonglove: "Which is more filled with poison: the flower of the moonglove or the minds of elves?" / —Vessifrus, flamekin demagogue
Ladies' Knight: "I said ‘Put him in a core set, not a corset'" / —Richard Garfield, Ph.D.
Lady Evangela: "When milady was young, the sight of a rainbow would fill her soul with peace. As she grew, she learned to share her rapture with others." / —Lady Gabriella
Lady Evangela: "When milady was young, the sight of a rainbow would fill her soul with peace. As she grew, she learned to share her rapture with others." —Lady Gabriella
Lady Orca: "I do not remember what he said to her. I remember her fiery eyes, fixed upon him for an instant. I remember a flash, and the hot breath of sudden flames made me turn away. When I looked again, Angus was gone." / —A Wayfarer, on meeting Lady Orca
Lady Orca: "I do not remember what he said to her. I remember her fiery eyes, fixed upon him for an instant. I remember a flash, and the hot breath of sudden flames made me turn away. When I looked again, Angus was gone." —A Wayfarer, on meeting Lady Orca
Lady Sun: Sister to Sun Quan and wife to Liu Bei, Lady Sun often felt her loyalty to both tested.
Lady Zhurong, Warrior Queen: "A man, and such a fool! I, a woman, will fight them for you." / —Lady Zhurong to her husband Meng Huo, before leading an army against the Shu
Lagac Lizard: Tracing their ancestry back to Zendikar's earliest forms of life, lagac lizards have seen the comings and goings of planeswalkers and the Eldrazi, and the rise of the vampire clans, none of which has changed them one bit.
Lagonna-Band Elder: "The best lessons are not the ones I teach. They are the ones the pupils realize for themselves."
Lagonna-Band Trailblazer: Go forth with honor, return with glory.
Lair Delve: "The fiends have fled. Well, good riddance. Nothing I like more than an empty lair."
Lairwatch Giant: A giant can brood over a grudge for decades, and woe to those who interrupt him.
Lambholt Elder: "Be wary of the seemingly gentle souls. The weak here were slaughtered long ago." / —Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Lammastide Weave: "A ribbon torn will ward away dark dreams."
Lancers en-Kor: Nearly all sets of Kor twins are trained as lancers.
Land Leeches: "The standard cure for leeches requires the application of burning embers. Alternative methods must be devised should an ember of sufficient size prove more harmful than the leech." / —Vervamon the Elder
Land Leeches: "The standard cure for leeches requires the application of burning embers. Alternative methods must be devised should an ember of sufficient size prove more harmful than the leech." —Vervamon the Elder
Landbind Ritual: "Honor this place, for our children's children will stand here and speak these same words again." / —Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Landslide: Sometimes the mountain takes. / —Keldon saying
Lantern Kami: "Snuffing the light of a lantern without saying a small prayer is bad luck. Though its flame can only singe, its soul can repeatedly visit misery on one's house." / —Teachings of Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Lantern Spirit: Bound to the square where she died, she calls out to those in danger—usually scaring them straight into the peril she warns of.
Lantern of Insight: Each eye sees a different possibility for tomorrow.
Lapse of Certainty: Without a connection of mind and body, magic is just an idea stuck in the head, a word on the tip of a tongue.
Laquatus's Champion: Chainer's dark gift to a darker soul.
Laquatus's Creativity: One never knows when inspiration will bubble up.
Laquatus's Disdain: "The first time was amusing, but now you're getting tiresome."
Larceny: Opportunity makes the thief. / —Roman proverb
Lash of the Whip: "No matter who their fickle hearts worship, all mortals belong to one god in the end." / —Iadorna, death priest of Erebos
Lashknife: Those it won't scare, it scars.
Last Breath: "The River flows. My soul returns."
Last Breath: "Tsk. You'd think those nasty merrows would know how to hold their breath." / —Olka, mistmeadow witch
Last Breath: In time, all things turn to dust. Some things just take less time.
Last Gasp: "Allow me a moment to catch your breath."
Last Kiss: "Romanticize it, glamorize it, call it what you will. To me, it will always be carnal, bloody murder." / —Ayli, Kamsa cleric
Last Word: "Someday, someone will best me. But it won't be today, and it won't be you."
Last-Ditch Effort: "If you're gonna lose, at least make sure they don't win as much." / —Jula, goblin raider
Lat-Nam's Legacy: "All the knowledge of Lat-Nam could not protect its sages from the Brothers' War." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Lat-Nam's Legacy: "All the knowledge of Lat-Nam could not protect its sages from the Brothers' War."Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Lat-Nam's Legacy: "Lat-Nam has bequeathed us its secrets. With them we shall attain true enlightenment."Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Latch Seeker: It seeks a tomb that will hold it, a coffin that will give it rest.
Latulla, Keldon Overseer: "Everything around her suffers." / —Haddad, Kipamu soldier
Laughing Hyena: "Two muffins are baking in an oven. One muffin says to the other muffin, ‘It's getting hot in here, huh?' The other muffin says, ‘Aagh A talking muffin'"
Launch Party: Life's too short to not do the things you love.
Lava Axe: "Catch!"
Lava Axe: "Catch"
Lava Axe: A strict upgrade over the cinder hatchet.
Lava Axe: From the heart of the mountain into the heart of the mage.
Lava Axe: It can chop down a redwood in a single stroke. Your sternum isn't going to fare any better.
Lava Axe: Meant to cut through the body and burn straight to the soul.
Lava Axe: Swing your axe as a broom, to sweep away the foe.
Lava Blister: To treat flesh wounds, use earth. To treat earth wounds, use flesh. / —Barbarian saying
Lava Burst: "Overkill? This isn't a game of Kick-the-Ouphe!" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Lava Burst: "Overkill? This isn't a game of Kick-the-Ouphe!" / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Lava Flow: People ran as never before at the thought of being buried and cremated at the same time.
Lava Hounds: What cats bury, dogs eat. / —Urborg aphorism
Lava Spike: Some kami attacks during the war were rife with trickery, subterfuge, and subtlety, draining hope and pride from the mortal world. Other attacks were a lot more straightforward.
Lava Storm: They say lava conquers all.
Lavaborn Muse: "Her voice is disaster, painful and final." / —Matoc, lavamancer
Lavafume Invoker: "Then the ancient masters themselves, towers of rapacity, rose and began their calamitous feast." / —The Invokers' Tales
Lavalanche: Alara's burning blood cannot be contained by mere earth and stone.
Lawbringer: One injustice starts a thousand riots. One law stops a thousand crimes. / —Lawbringer creed
Lay Bare: "It's good to learn from your failures, but I prefer to learn from the failures of others." / —Jace Beleren
Lay Waste: Skirk Ridge had survived earthquakes, mudslides, and meteor showers. Then the goblins moved in.
Lay of the Land: Victory favors neither the righteous nor the wicked. It favors the prepared.
Lead Astray: "Never underestimate our enemy's strength, brutality, . . . or stupidity." / —Commander Eesha
Lead Golem: Slow and heavy swings the club.
Leaden Myr: The Moriok saw the myr as fellow scavengers, never knowing just who the myr were scavenging for.
Leaden Myr: The myr are like necrogen: a transformative force unconcerned with the changes they wreak.
Leaf Arrow: "Those who think the trees shall remain bystanders throughout this conflict shall be sorely mistaken." / —Sutina, Speaker of the Tajuru
Leaf Dancer: A leaf dancer sweeps through the forest like a spring breeze, evading even the sharpest eyes and ears.
Leaf Gilder: Eidren, perfect of Lys Alana, ordered hundreds of trees uprooted and rearranged into a pattern he deemed beautiful. Thus the Gilt-Leaf Wood was born.
Leafdrake Roost: "The best experiments are those whose successes replicate themselves." / —Yolov, Simic bioengineer
Leap of Faith: The finest maneuvers take place in three dimensions.
Leap: Mirri leapt quickly and silently. The guard died likewise.
Leaping Lizard: "I never question the Autumn Willow about her motives, not even when she turns people into Lizards. It's her way." / —Devin, Faerie Noble
Leaping Lizard: "I never question the Autumn Willow about her motives, not even when she turns people into lizards. It's her way." / —Devin, faerie noble
Leaping Master: "Strength batters down barriers. Discipline ignores them."
Leashling: Constructed of leather and irony.
Leatherback Baloth: Heavy enough to withstand the Roil, leatherback skeletons are havens for travelers in storms and landshifts.
Leave No Trace: The magic of the Boros patrols the streets even when their soldiers do not.
Leech Bonder: Some don't know his face, but his pets are a dead giveaway.
Leeches: "Where our potions and powders fail, perhaps nature will succeed." / —Reyhan, Samite Alchemist
Leeching Bite: A substantial portion of Vorinclex's forces became fuel for the rest.
Leeching Sliver: "Seeing one slowly devour one of my party begged the question—do they know what cruelty is?" / —Hastric, Thunian scout
Leering Emblem: The banner was not a symbol of victory, but a herald of the carnage to come.
Leering Gargoyle: "Only a gargoyle would take such delight in a thunderstorm." / —Qhattib, Vizier of Amiqat
Leery Fogbeast: It emerges from the mists only to feed.
Legerdemain: Squee tucked the warm ball in his pocket and slipped a pebble in its place. ‘Glok,' he mumbled, and hid.
Legions of Lim-Dûl: "I have seen the faces of my dead friends among that grim band, and I can bear no more." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield.
Lens of Clarity: "Water shifts and confuses, but as ice it holds the stillness of truth." / —Arel the Whisperer
Leonin Abunas: Only leonin clerics who can survive the Razor Fields for one turning of the suns can stand in the Cave of Light.
Leonin Arbiter: "Our people are torn by infighting. Until the two sides reconcile, our laws can carry no meaning."
Leonin Armorguard: Well suited are the nacatl to a coat of steel and forge-tempered claws.
Leonin Battlemage: The strongest of the pride are measured not by the steel in their hands but by the steel in their souls.
Leonin Den-Guard: No one under the four suns can elude the watchful eye of the den-guard.
Leonin Elder: "The wisdom of the elders is just as much a weapon as a sword or spear. We must learn to wield it." / —Ushanti, leonin seer
Leonin Iconoclast: "The stars belong in the night sky. This is our world, and we are our own masters."
Leonin Scimitar: "Every scratch tells a story, and every notch has a name. Four generations have held this blade. You shall not disappoint them." / —Initiation of Laena, skyhunter
Leonin Shikari: Her instinct is as sharp as her blade.
Leonin Skyhunter: "The infection has spread farther than we could glimpse from the heights of Taj-Nar."
Leonin Skyhunter: The skyhunters were born when the first leonin gazed at the heavens and wished to hunt the birds overhead.
Leonin Snarecaster: Formerly oppressed by the polis of Meletis, leonin occasionally "mistake" their old enemies for game.
Leonin Squire: "I may be kha, but without my soldiers, my people, I am nothing." / —Raksha Golden Cub
Leonin Sun Standard: The commander tells the troops where to go, but the standard reminds them why they're there.
Leshrac's Rite: "Bind me to thee, my soul to thine. I am your servant and your slave. Blood for blood, flesh for flesh, Leshrac, my lord." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Leshrac's Rite: "Bind me to thee, my soul to thine. I am your servant and your slave. I shall hunger for your word and thirst for your blessing. Blood for blood, flesh for flesh, Leshrac, my lord." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Leshrac's Rite: "Brackish water, dark and blind / Heed my will, to you I bind." / —Opening passage of Leshrac's Rite
Lesser Gargadon: "In some cultures, elephants are ridden by those in power. I don't think a mere elephant would even be noticed in Keld." / —Onean sergeant
Lesser Gargadon: Trod on by a gargadon / —Kipamu expression meaning / "wiped out"
Lethal Vapors: The vapors infiltrate every crevice, poison every lung, and snuff out every life.
Lethargy Trap: Suddenly, Zurdi didn't care about treasure, glory, food . . . or the drakes circling above.
Letter Bomb: "Dear Magic R&D, . . ."
Leveler: Once a century, the levelers rip through every corner of Mirrodin, obeying the commands of an unseen master.
Levitation: "We'll be easy targets if we remain on the ground. Let's take the fight to them."
Levitation: "Why fight over scraps of land when there's so much sky waiting to be claimed?"
Levitation: Barrin's pride in his apprentice was diminished somewhat when he had to get the others back down.
Levitation: The horses of Scytha's army must be well trained. A thrown rider would fall miles before meeting the ground.
Lexivore: Plucking the chicken / —Elvish expression meaning "flinging the monkey"
Ley Druid: After years of training, the Druid becomes one with nature, drawing power from the land and returning it when needed.
Ley Druid: After years of training, the druid becomes one with nature, drawing power from the land and returning it when needed.
Ley Line: "I can feel the strength of the entire forest." / —Gerrard
Leyline Phantom: "Is the maze itself a phantom? Or is one as real as the other? Perhaps I am as mad as the dragon." / —Jace Beleren, journal
Leyline of Lifeforce: Where sovereignty and flesh converge.
Leyline of Lightning: Where storm and spellcraft converge.
Leyline of Singularity: Where renown and solitude converge.
Leyline of the Meek: Where strength and humility converge.
Leyline of the Void: Where treachery and oblivion converge.
Lhurgoyf: "Ach! Hans, run! It's the Lhurgoyf!" / —Saffi Eriksdotter, last words
Lhurgoyf: "Ach! Hans, run! It's the lhurgoyf!" / —Saffi Eriksdotter, last words
Liability: Gerrard realized that the helpless woman they'd rescued from Rath was nothing of the sort.
Liberate: "Not everyone gets a second chance." / —Hanna
Liberated Dwarf: Freed from their chains, these dwarves are bound only by honor.
Lich's Mirror: It shows not what you are but what you were.
Lieutenant Kirtar: "His strengths are pride, devotion, and ambition. His weaknesses are the same." / —Pianna, nomad captain
Life Burst: As uplifting as a mystic's dreams.
Life and Limb: "It was a sight of pain and awe—a twisted forest, migrating across the salt plain in search of richer soil." / —Edahlis, greenseeker
Life's Finale: The feeble resistance of the flesh is over. Phyrexia spreads its shadow over all.
Life's Legacy: At the instant of death, the mystery of life.
Lifeblood Hydra: Pharika has written her secrets on its bones so that only the worthy may discover them.
Lifeblood: "Foolish wizard! As you tap the power of your lofty keep, so grows my strength." —Malvern Xelionos, Letters
Lifeforce: "Every fallen tree nourishes a thousand seedlings." / —Autumn Willow to Baron Sengir
Lifegift: "Walk the world and you'll find your soul; search your soul and you'll discover the world." / —Diary of Azusa
Lifelink: The spoils of war are not measured only in gold and silver.
Lifesmith: The Sylvok see the artificer as a gardener, preparing the world for hardy growth.
Lifespark Spellbomb: "Awaken that which was never asleep." / —Spellbomb inscription
Lifespinner: "The husk splits like a madman's smile / And mystery steps forth." / —Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Lifetap: "Keep a green tree in your heart and perhaps the singing bird will come." / —Chinese proverb
Light from Within: "Muscle does not make one strong. It only masks the soul's light. True strength lies in purity of purpose." / —Donal Alloway, cenn of Kinscaer
Light of Day: "I do not miss sunlight. The very memory of it burns my eyes." / —Volrath
Light of Sanction: The Legion looks after its own.
Lightbringer: One thought opens a thousand eyes. One sun brings a thousand dawns. / —Lightbringer creed
Lightmine Field: If you want to kill a lot of goblins, just make sure your defenses look like fun.
Lightning Angel: Sudden vengeance, echoing fury.
Lightning Axe: "A gargoyle's meat can be carved with an ordinary cleaver, but for its petrous hide . . ." / —Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar, / The Underworld Cookbook
Lightning Blast: "I'll climb down soon. Don't worry, it's just a thundersto—" / —Former elvish scout
Lightning Blast: "Those who fear the darkness have never seen what the light can do." / —Selenia, dark angel
Lightning Blow: "If you do it right, they'll never know what hit them." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Lightning Bolt: The sparkmage shrieked, calling on the rage of the storms of his youth. To his surprise, the sky responded with a fierce energy he'd never thought to see again.
Lightning Cloud: The mightiest clouds sit upon spires of fire. / —Femeref adage
Lightning Dart: Broken and punctured by dozens of Phyrexian portals, the angry sky began to spit lightning back at the world.
Lightning Diadem: "I fight for Keranos and for mortals. I see no contradiction."
Lightning Elemental: "A flash of the lightning, a break of the wave, / He passes from life to his rest in the grave." / —William Knox, "Mortality"
Lightning Elemental: "Oh, it's easy enough to kill, but I'm not going anywhere near it." / —Norin the Wary
Lightning Elemental: A lightning elemental once killed an entire tribe of merfolk—simply by going for a swim.
Lightning Greaves: After lightning struck the cliffs, the ore became iron, the iron became steel, and the steel became greaves. The lightning never left.
Lightning Helix: "Rage is not the answer. Rage followed by fitting vengeance is the answer." / —Ajani
Lightning Helix: Though less well-known than its army of soldiers, the Boros Legion's mage-priests are as respected by the innocent as they are hated by the ghosts of the guilty.
Lightning Hounds: Quick enough to avoid jhovalls when alone and fierce enough to attack them in packs, the hounds were as at home in the mountains as the Mercadians were atop theirs.
Lightning Prowess: "Undead flesh is dry and papery. A single spark and ‘poof.' No more ghoul."
Lightning Reflexes: "Inhale. Kill. Exhale."
Lightning Rift: Options will cost you, but a lack of options will cost you even more.
Lightning Rift: Options will cost you, but a lack of them will cost you even more.
Lightning Serpent: Ice exploded into steam in its wake, hissing like a thousand serpents hailing their blazing master.
Lightning Strike: "The hand of Keranos can be seen in every rumbling storm cloud. Best not to stand where he points." / —Rakleia of Shrine Peak
Lightning Strike: To wield lightning is to tame chaos.
Lightning Talons: "The victim was either clawed to death or struck by lightning. Possibly both." / —Pel Javya, Wojek investigator
Lightning Talons: "This is going to hurt a lot, but on the bright side, you'll be dead soon." / —Sedris, the Traitor King
Lightning Volley: "We are the motes of rain that join to make the thundercloud. The power of the storm god surges through us!"
Lignify: Bulgo paused, puzzled. What was that rustling sound, and why did he feel so stiff? And how could his feet be so thirsty?
Liliana's Caress: "This might hurt less if you don't fight so hard. But I doubt it."
Liliana's Specter: "The finest minions know what I need without me ever saying a thing." / —Liliana Vess
Lim-Dûl's Cohort: "Join me in the place of power, you risen dead. Join me where the waters weep and the trees have no hearts." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Lim-Dûl's Hex: "The weak shall fall. The strong shall remain." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Lim-Dûl's High Guard: "Death does not prevent us from service to our absent master. As long as Tresserhorn stands, so shall we." / —Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Lim-Dûl's High Guard: "The Guard will forever stand ready. For them, death is merely an inconvenience, not an ending."Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Lim-Dûl's High Guard: "The guard will forever stand ready. For them, death is merely an inconvenience, not an ending." / —Chaeska, Keeper of Tresserhorn
Limestone Golem: Dwarves have been known to take pickaxes to their own creations, hoping to discover treasures within.
Lingering Death: "Looks bad. I don't know if he'll make it through the night." / —Cabal cleric
Lingering Mirage: Birds frozen in flight. Sea turned to glass. Tolaria hidden in a mirror.
Lingering Souls: The murdered inhabitants of Hollowhenge impart to the living the terror they felt in death.
Lingering Tormentor: The bogeyman doesn't disappear when you close your eyes.
Linvala, Keeper of Silence: Those who seek to disturb the harmony of life will see their instruments taken from them.
Lion's Eye Diamond: Held in the lion's eye / —Zhalfirin saying meaning "caught in the moment of crisis"
Lionheart Maverick: "Your signet is no symbol of power. It marks only your need for numbers to aid you. What do you do, guild-rat, now that you face my blade alone?"
Liquid Fire: There's no such thing as a little bit of lava.
Liquimetal Coating: "They'll soon become accustomed to wearing skin that is not their own." / —Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Lithophage: It's viciously territorial, destroying every creature on the mountain it has chosen to consume.
Little Girl: In the future, she may be a distinguished leader, a great scholar, or a decorated hero. These days all she does is pee the bed.
Liturgy of Blood: "You harbor such vast potential. It would be such a shame to let you die of old age." / —Zul Ashur, lich lord
Liu Bei, Lord of Shu: "Only wisdom and virtue can truly win men's devotion." / —Liu Bei
Living Airship: The ship has a crew of three: the pilot, the gunner, and the ship itself.
Living Armor: Though it affords excellent protection, few don this armor. The process is uncomfortable and not easily reversed.
Living Destiny: "That our enemies are great only brings us greater hope."
Living Hive: In its center is a single red ant, a queen that regulates the hive's movements.
Living Terrain: Keldons were accustomed to rugged terrain, but they never expected it to be aggressive.
Living Terrain: Some warriors walk the earth. Others are born of it.
Living Tsunami: At low tide it slumbers. At high tide it devours.
Living Wall: Some fiendish mage had created a horrifying wall of living flesh, patched together from a jumble of still-recognizable body parts. As we sought to hew our way through it, some unknown power healed the gaping wounds we cut, denying us passage.
Living Wish: He wished for growth, but not for a way to control it.
Livonya Silone: Livonya's own nature is a matter of mystery. Nothing is known for sure, merely rumors of unearthly stealth, and unholy alliances.
Lizard Warrior: Don't let its appearance frighten you. Let its claws and teeth do that.
Llanowar Augur: "I am irrelevant. The future I hold in my hands is everything."
Llanowar Behemoth: "Most people can't build decent weapons out of stone or steel. Trust the elves to do it with only mud and vines." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Llanowar Cavalry: For the first time, elves welcomed Benalish soldiers into the forest with something other than arrows.
Llanowar Dead: Just as leaves fall from the branches of a living tree, so too do the dead leave the elfhame.
Llanowar Druid: "This forest means more to the druids than their own kin. The loss of a tree is like the loss of a child." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Llanowar Elves: Hardened by their life in the haunted Llanowar Forest, these fierce beings are outcasts among elvenkind.
Llanowar Elves: Llanowar covers a million square miles, yet nobody enters the forest without the elves knowing it.
Llanowar Elves: One bone broken for every twig snapped underfoot. / —Llanowar penalty for trespassing
Llanowar Elves: Whenever the Llanowar Elves gather the fruits of their forest, they leave one plant of each type untouched, considering that nature's portion.
Llanowar Elves: Whenever the Llanowar elves gather the fruits of their forest, they leave one plant of each type untouched, considering that nature's portion.
Llanowar Knight: Her armor and steed were borrowed, but her courage was hers alone.
Llanowar Sentinel: "The forest has as many eyes as leaves." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Llanowar Vanguard: Llanowar rallied around Eladamri's banner and united in his name.
Loafing Giant: "Forget it. I'm not getting up today."
Loam Dweller: "You know its mood by the plants that spring up around it. When it is placid, fields of lilies flow in its wake; when it is angry, every stem has a thorn." / —Isao, Enlightened Bushi
Loam Lion: In Zendikar, today's grassland could be tomorrow's jungle, and hunting grounds change as quickly as the weather.
Loamdragger Giant: Giants sleep soundly and long, sometimes for long enough that a crust of earth and moss grows over them. But inevitably something disturbs their slumber, and they wake unhappy.
Loaming Shaman: His work determines who is remembered and who feeds the worms.
Lobber Crew: It's easier to just aim at everything.
Loch Korrigan: "Don't look upon still waters without first breaking the surface. The korrigan will catch you with her gaze and drag you to your death." / —Kithkin superstition
Locket of Yesterdays: Every hour, at the turning of the glass, its owner had whispered to the locket, seeding it with secrets. This would be her legacy, her memory, if the rifts should take her.
Locust Miser: "They're numerous, attack in swarms, and are always hungry. No wonder we rats hold such a kinship with them."
Locust Swarm: Better a fierce thunderhead than a sky filled with locusts.
Lodestone Golem: "Somehow it warps the Æther. It brings a strange weight, a blockade in the flow of spellcraft." / —Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Lodestone Myr: When necessary, myr can override and control any artificial object, as can their creator.
Lone Missionary: His mission has become a grim pilgrimage, a tour of the Eldrazi-stricken outposts across Zendikar. But he marches on alone, stubborn as the daily dawn.
Lone Wolf: A wolf without a pack is either a survivor or a brute.
Long-Forgotten Gohei: Long ago, the priests would wave the gohei to call down the gods. Now it lies forgotten, but the spirits still feel its pull.
Long-Term Plans: "Wait, it'll come to me in a minute."
Longbow Archer: "If it bears wings, I will pin it to the skies over Tefemburu." / —Roya, Zhalfirin archer
Longbow Archer: "If it bears wings, I will pin it to the skies over Tefemburu." / —Ruya, Zhalfirin archer
Longbow Archer: Some say they have the blood of hawks running through their veins.
Longhorn Firebeast: Its blast can fuse armor to bone, leaving skeletons that glint brightly in the sun.
Look Skyward and Despair: "Today I take the reins of destiny itself. Today the Draconic Apocalypse is upon you."
Look at Me, I'm the DCI: Few understand the DCI's rigorous decision-making process.
Looming Hoverguard: Although mute, hoverguards get their message across loud and clear.
Looming Shade: Its form never rests, propelled by some undetectable gale from beyond the gloom.
Looming Shade: On darkness feeding, in nightmares breeding.
Looming Shade: The shade tracks victims by reverberations of the pipes, as a spider senses prey tangled in its trembling web.
Loose Lips: Your sentence can't be longer than this one.
Looter il-Kor: Unable to touch items of value, he goes forth to steal secrets instead.
Lord of Atlantis: "‘We have no legs,' the warrior spat, ‘for we have finished running.'" / —Vodalian folktale
Lord of Atlantis: A master of tactics, the Lord of Atlantis makes his people bold in battle merely by arriving to lead them.
Lord of Atlantis: A master of tactics, the lord of Atlantis makes his people bold in battle merely by arriving to lead them.
Lord of Extinction: The forlorn cries of the dead combine to make its laugh.
Lord of the Pit: "My summoning begins your debt, planeswalker."
Lord of the Undead: "Do not weep at your defeat, my dear. In death, you will serve a greater purpose—mine."
Lord of the Undead: "I confer with Death itself. What could you possibly do to injure me?"
Lord of the Undead: "I confer with Death itself. What could you possibly do to injure me?" / —Lord Dralnu
Lord of the Unreal: "The dream does not end until I say so."
Lore Broker: Lies are sold as often as truths—and used just as effectively.
Lore Seeker: Each volume contains wonders.
Lorescale Coatl: "The enlightenment I never found in etherium I have found traced in the coatl's scales." / —Ranalus, vedalken heretic
Loreseeker's Stone: Mages come from far and wide to bathe in its wisdom.
Lorthos, the Tidemaker: When Lorthos emerges from his deepwater realm, the tides bow to his will and the coastline cowers in his presence.
Lost Hours: "Your thoughts do not interest me nearly as much as the absence thereof." / —Gorghul, augur of skulls
Lost Leonin: Mirrans were broken down and rebuilt, made to be loyal servants of the force they had fought.
Lost Order of Jarkeld: "Let us remember brave Jarkeld and his troops, who perished in the Adarkar Wastes so long ago." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Lost Order of Jarkeld: "Let us remember brave Jarkeld and his troops, who perished in the Adarkar Wastes so long ago." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Lost Soul: Her hand gently beckons, / she whispers your name— / But those who go with her / are never the same.
Lost Soul: Her hand gently beckons, she whispers your name—but those who go with her are never the same.
Lost Soul: She walks in the twilight, her steps make no sound,/ Her feet leave no tracks on the dew-covered ground./ Her hand gently beckons, she whispers your name—/ But those who go with her are never the same.
Lost in a Labyrinth: Even those who leave the labyrinth never escape it, forever dreaming of their time trapped within.
Lost in the Mist: The secrets she carried could have saved many lives, but they quietly drowned with her.
Lotleth Troll: He lurks in the undercity, eager for the corpse haulers to unload their rotting cargo.
Lotus Cobra: Its scales contain the essence of thousands of lotus blooms.
Lotus Guardian: Lotus fields are too valuable to leave undefended.
Lotus Petal: "Hard to imagine," mused Hanna, stroking the petal, "such a lovely flower inspiring such greed."
Lotus Vale: At what price beauty?
Lovisa Coldeyes: "I lead my horde to the northwest. I won't return until the ice wizards fall and their fiendish contraptions are crushed!"
Lowland Basilisk: Unlike their cousins, Rathi basilisks turn their victims into puddles of flowstone.
Lowland Giant: "Faugh!" snorted Tahngarth. "Why would it make a meal of something like you?" Squee looked relieved. "No," he continued, "you'd make a much better toothpick."
Lowland Oaf: "I don't know why the little one was so mad. He said to put him down, and I put him down."
Lowland Tracker: "I feed my hatred to the righteous and they join my crusade." / —Akroma, angelic avenger
Loxodon Anchorite: The loxodon ascribe religious superiority to those born albino, believing them to be spiritually pure.
Loxodon Convert: Just one drop of the glistening oil can eventually stain even a soul as stalwart as a loxodon's beyond redemption.
Loxodon Gatekeeper: The gatekeepers are so fastidious that even the winds must wait to pass.
Loxodon Hierarch Avatar: RAV Participation Avatar
Loxodon Hierarch: "I have lived long, and I remember how this city once was. If my death serves to bring back the Ravnica in my memory, then so be it."
Loxodon Mender: The Auriok believe that in the hands of a loxodon, no weapon can be broken.
Loxodon Mystic: As the nim storm across the plains, a lone priest stands in their path. At his silent gesture, the battle line breaks, and the tide turns.
Loxodon Mystic: Elder mystics take their vow of silence so seriously that they impose it on any who enter their presence.
Loxodon Partisan: "This war is not about loxodon or leonin, Sylvok or Auriok. To defeat these rotters, we must do it together."
Loxodon Punisher: The loxodons believe punishment comes in two steps: pain and atonement. They carry a weapon for each.
Loxodon Stalwart: Long ago, the Auriok attempted peace with the loxodons. The leonin attempted war. Neither succeeded.
Loxodon Warhammer: "A crafter must imbue her weapon with part of her soul—something the Phyrexians are incapable of doing." / —Melira
Loxodon Warhammer: "Tusks to splinter skulls. Steel to shatter scale." / —Warhammer inscription
Loxodon Wayfarer: The Mirran elders vanished with Memnarch, leaving behind a generation of wayward orphans.
Loyal Cathar: "I trust myself to do my duty, even unto death. It's what comes after that I'm afraid of." / —Constable Visil, to Thalia
Loyal Gyrfalcon: It's tethered not to keep it from fleeing but to keep it from eating everything in sight.
Loyal Pegasus: "Even if I should die in the saddle, she will not let me fall to the ground." / —Hypatia of the Winged Horse
Loyal Sentry: "My cause is simple: To stop you, at any cost, from ever seeing the inside of this keep."
Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms: "Dong Zhuo's man, Lu Bu, warrior without peer, / Far surpassed the champions of his sphere."
Lu Bu, Master-at-Arms: "Dong Zhuo's man, Lu Bu, warrior without peer,/ Far surpassed the champions of his sphere."
Lu Meng, Wu General: As the Wu chief commander, Lu Meng conquered Shu-held Jingzhou in 219 by disguising soldiers as merchants on boats filled with hiding troops.
Lu Su, Wu Advisor: Lu Su served as an intermediary between the Wu and Shu kingdoms until Zhou Yu's death in 210, when he became Wu's supreme commander.
Lucent Liminid: It is a herald of the sun goddess, projected from the hallowed glass whenever her light passes through.
Ludevic's Abomination: After several frustrating experiments, the visionary Ludevic realized he needed to create a monster that fed on torch-wielding mobs.
Lullmage Mentor: "Many voices are needed to quiet this land."
Lumbering Satyr: The satyr carves the path that all of Rushwood follows. / —Cho-Arrim saying
Lumberknot: Animated by geists fused in its oak, it hungers for more life to add to its core.
Lumengrid Augur: Information pumps like blood through vedalken society.
Lumengrid Drake: Properly outfitted, drakes made perfect sentries for vedalken strongholds.
Lumengrid Gargoyle: "Anything that watches without sleep and fights without fear is a valuable ally against the Phyrexians." / —Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Lumengrid Sentinel: The vedalken order their Neurok sentinels to watch over the shores of the Quicksilver Sea, as if they know of intruders yet to come.
Lumengrid Warden: His peers derive knowledge from ancient tomes locked within dark spires. He finds knowledge within the solitude of a lifetime spent watching the Quicksilver Sea.
Lumengrid Warden: The Neurok, like the vedalken, are on a constant quest for knowledge. It is their currency, their trade, their life.
Lumengrid Warden: The wardens keep watch over an endless sea of progress.
Luminesce: "The White Shield is not the burnished metal you lash to your forearm but the conviction that burns in your chest." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, / leader of the Order of the White Shield
Luminescent Rain: Storms in Lorwyn don't patter on village rooftops, but rather drench the clachan in rays of amber light.
Luminous Angel: "The spread of evil's destruction shall always be matched by the rise of the noble fallen."
Luminous Guardian: "There is no victory without virtue."
Luminous Wake: "If destiny's champions have arisen to fight the Ancient Ones, then let me, too, do my part." / —Ravuel of Graypelt
Lumithread Field: Having conquered the Bastion of Suns, the Ota took its light for their own.
Lunar Mystic: "I'm pleased this world has learned the moon affects more than the tides." / —Tamiyo, the Moon Sage
Lunge: Cho-Arrim righteousness was no match for Benalish combat training.
Lunk Errant: "One's plenty," observed the merrow. / "Way too plenty," agreed the boggart.
Lure: "When setting a snare, success depends not on the quality of the trap, but the quality of the bait." / —Geyadrone Dihada
Lure: "When the forest wants something, no mortal mind can resist her." / —Maro
Lure: Deepwood's reach is not long, so it invites its enemies in.
Lure: Her true theft was to steal the soldiers away from their posts.
Lure: It makes the insignificant conspicuous, the repulsive alluring, and the deadly irresistible.
Lure: Jukai Forest was known for its secrets, which drew in many wayfarers and wizards. But it was those same secrets that kept most of those seekers from ever being heard from again.
Lure: When setting a snare, success depends not on the quality of the trap, but the quality of the bait.
Lurebound Scarecrow: It's a fool's race to run if all is lost if it be won.
Lurker: "Each night we felt it watching us from the darkness beyond our fire. We only had one pack horse left." / —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Lurking Evil: "Ash is our air, darkness our flesh." / —Phyrexian Scriptures
Lurking Informant: In the undercity, forgetfulness is often encouraged at the point of a blade.
Lurking Jackals: Often it's not the hunter or the hunted but the opportunist who thrives in Rath.
Lurking Nightstalker: The shadows know.
Lurking Predators: All are prey to the eyes of the wild.
Lurking Skirge: They never miss a funeral.
Lush Growth: Naya's bounty spills over upon itself. Each leaf and flower struggles against the next with thrashing thorns, acidic pollen, and strangling roots.
Lux Cannon: There are few problems that can't be solved by putting a hole in the world.
Lyev Decree: The Azorius have so many codes and statutes that you're always in violation of one of them.
Lymph Sliver: Its skin remains in a flowing, liquid state that keeps its body coated with potent restorative lymph.
Lyna: One of the few Soltari who can cross the shadow barrier, Lyna serves as an emissary to the outside world. A quick thinker and convincing speaker, she does whatever she can to lead her people out of the shadows and into substance.
Lynx: Rarely seen, hardly heard, never caught.
Lys Alana Huntmaster: From the highest tiers of Dawn's Light Palace to the deepest shade of Wren's Run, the silver notes of the horn shimmer through the air, and all who hear it feel its pull.
Lys Alana Scarblade: In beauty-obsessed Lys Alana, one cut of her blade means the difference between a high society feast and raking through the dungheap for scraps.
Lyzolda, the Blood Witch Avatar: DIS Prize Avatar
Lyzolda, the Blood Witch: Sacrificial rites take place before an audience of cheering cultists, each begging to be the next on stage.
Maalfeld Twins: "Who am I to break up a family?" / —Gisa the Mad
Macabre Waltz: "All dead move to the hollow rhythm of necromancy." / —Savra
Macetail Hystrodon: The goblins tracked the hystrodon with much stealth and cunning. Then they were eaten with much pain and yelling.
Machinate: As long as there are questions to be asked, the vedalken will ask them.
Mad Auntie: One part cunning, one part wise, and many, many parts demented.
Mad Dog: The bones it buries may be yours.
Mad Prophet: "There's no heron in the moon! It's a shrew, a five-legged shrew, with a voice like whispering thunder!"
Madcap Skills: The larger the crowd, the harder it is for them to run away.
Maddening Wind: "It is Freyalise, walking on the world." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Madrush Cyclops: Death comes in the blink of an eye.
Maelstrom Archangel Avatar: CON Prize Avatar
Maelstrom Archangel: There is no world where angels fear to tread.
Maelstrom Pulse: During the collision of the shards, entire ways of life disappeared without a trace.
Mage Slayer: "When the wielder is strong enough, any sword will do." / —Kresh the Bloodbraided
Mage il-Vec: Living below a flowstone foundry produces a disproportionate number of fire mages among the il.
Mage's Guile: "Next time, don't bother."
Magefire Wings: Giving a thing wings does not take away its fear of flight—or its fear of fire, for that matter.
Mageta the Lion: In the jungle of war there is always a Lion.
Mageta's Boon: When the Lion roars, his cubs grow stronger. / —Kipamu saying
Magewright's Stone: The stones hark back to an age before civilization, when the living earth blessed all who trod its untamed wilds.
Maggot Carrier: "The mere sight of our undead allies sickens me. What unholy bargain have you struck?" / —Grizzlegom, to Agnate
Maggot Carrier: "We do not suddenly fall on death, but advance towards it by slight degrees; we die every day." / —Seneca, Epistles, trans. Gummere
Maggot Therapy: "If this is the cure, I'd hate to see the disease." / —Orim
Magical Hacker: 1|= y()u (4|\| r3@d 7#5, y0|_| /\r3 @ IVI0/\/$+3|2 &33|<
Magister Sphinx: "These benighted worlds are thick with ignorance. I will educate them. They will listen, or they will die."
Magistrate's Veto: The magistrate had been the goblins' puppet for so long that he made the right decisions with little prompting.
Magma Giant: Its open mouth is a furnace blast that blisters the skin. Its smoking fists are meteors that split the earth.
Magma Mine: BOOM!
Magma Rift: "Lighting a fire needs kindling and heat. You be the kindling. I'll bring the heat." / —Chandra Nalaar
Magma Sliver: As malleable as molten steel, but as dangerous as the finished blade.
Magma Spray: "Jund is a wounded world. Beware its searing blood spilling out onto the surface." / —Rakka Mar
Magma Spray: A stone hurled at an enemy is deadlier in liquid form.
Magma Spray: The ancient dragon Thraxes sleeps in Purphoros's sacred peak. When he stirs in dreams, so does the mountain.
Magma Vein: Standing near a volcano / —Barbarian expression meaning / "asking for it"
Magmaquake: "Where will you run when I punish you with the very ground you flee on?" / —Nicol Bolas
Magmatic Force: "Granted, it's the pinnacle of utter destructiveness. So what would you call two of them?" / —Riku of Two Reflections
Magmaw: "The purpose of existence is simple: everything is fuel for the magmaw." / —Jaji, magmaw worshipper
Magnetic Flux: After the researcher's astonishing success, his assistants spent six hours finding a way to return the specimens safely to the ground.
Magnetic Theft: Among the Vulshok, the most prized blades are those that killed their original owners.
Magnify: The seed torches' pollen gives off light, but the elves find it heightens their senses as well.
Magus of the Abyss: He climbs a staircase of falling souls, fighting the continuous pull of the void.
Magus of the Arena: The magus still hears the roar of the crowds. They're gone, but the will to compete remains.
Magus of the Bazaar: "Some trade in goods, some in secrets. My soul has walked the futures, and I offer the rare coin of possibility."
Magus of the Candelabra: "What would Urza think, I wonder, if he could hear how the nature mages still snarl at his name, but venerate the work of his apprentice?" / —Teferi, to Jhoira
Magus of the Coffers: All that remains of the Cabal are the echoes in its deepest vault. Yet those who hear the echoes feel a power undiminished by the dust of ages.
Magus of the Disk: Studying the journals of the necromage Nevinyrral leaves disciples gripped with the urge to exercise his draconian judgment.
Magus of the Future: Those gifted with the sight have one eye in the present and the other in the future.
Magus of the Library: The ancient books slowly crumbled, their secrets turning to dust. But their every word sings within the magus's head.
Magus of the Mirror: "Behold! The image of the enemy and all that she has. Trust your envy, and take it."
Magus of the Moat: "The spirits of the mythic ones ever circle their beloved keep, forbidding entry to all who come with the heavy tread of hate."
Magus of the Moon: Tidal forces of the blood moon wrench and buckle the land, drawing monoliths of stone and soil toward the flaming orb.
Magus of the Tabernacle: The Tabernacle's disciples channel the emanations from Pendrell Vale, spreading its paradoxical demand to be both worshipped and left alone.
Magus of the Vineyard: Battered and beaten by years of salt and claw, he never ceased to walk, and to seed. Only now, in this time of rebirth, do his seeds take root.
Mahamoti Djinn: Of royal blood among the spirits of the air, the Mahamoti Djinn rides on the wings of the winds. As dangerous in the gambling hall as he is in battle, he is a master of trickery and misdirection.
Mahamoti Djinn: Of royal blood among the spirits of the air, the Mahamoti djinn rides on the wings of the winds. As dangerous in the gambling hall as he is in battle, he is a master of trickery and misdirection.
Mahamoti Djinn: Of royal blood amongst the spirits of the air, the Mahamoti Djinn rides on the wings of the winds. As dangerous in the gambling hall as he is in battle, he is a master of trickery and misdirection.
Major Teroh: "I am the holy wind that shall avenge the Cabal's victims."
Make a Wish: In Gavony wishing is taken as a sign of weakness, yet the wells usually brim with silver.
Makeshift Mannequin: "This vulgar mimicry will end now." / —Desmera, perfect of Wren's Run
Makeshift Mauler: "It always amazes me what perfectly good things people throw away." / —Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Makindi Griffin: As the hedrons began to coalesce into colossal Eldrazi superstructures, the griffins were forced to seek new territory lest their aeries be crushed between the massive stone monoliths.
Makindi Shieldmate: The more who rely on him, the more resolute he becomes.
Malach of the Dawn: "The sun rises, but the world still feels dark. Pray for the arrival of the malachim—they'll bring Dawn to the world and to our hearts." / —Sister Betje, Miracles of the Saints
Malachite Golem: Centuries before the first branches of the Tangle gave shelter from the suns' cold light, the shadows of golems were Mirrodin's only shade.
Malevolent Awakening: The most popular pit fighters are brought back for encore performances.
Malfegor Avatar: CON Participation Avatar
Malfegor: A demon cannot be trusted, and a dragon will not be ruled.
Malicious Advice: "Rule through fear, Darigaaz. Only if the dragons feel terror will they truly be your servants." / —Tevesh Szat
Malicious Affliction: "Such an affliction appears to seek out the pure." / —Byro, plague doctor
Malicious Intent: As peace returned to Thraben, some cathars made the mistake of letting down their guard.
Malignus: It descended on Estwald like a sudden storm. Moments later, only ashes and agony remained.
Man of Measure: You need to be this tall to play this card.
Man-o'-War: "Beauty to the eye does not always translate to the touch." / —Naimah, Femeref philosopher
Man-o'-War: "Beauty to the eye does not always translate to the touch." / —Naimah, Femeref philospher
Man-o'-War: Beauty to the eye does not always translate to the touch.
Mana Breach: The mana that binds the world together can also tear it apart.
Mana Breach: The wizard had it all—until she tried to use it.
Mana Chains: "The Lord of the Wastes must be destroyed; I am bound to this destiny by the chains of fate. If only Gerrard would see his part." / —Sisay, journal
Mana Confluence: Five rivers encircle Theros, flowing with waters more ancient than the world itself.
Mana Cylix: Overflowing with visions of the possible future, it lends power to those in the present.
Mana Cylix: Those who dismiss the cylix as an ordinary wooden bowl are blind to the true measure of its worth.
Mana Echoes: When the ground is saturated with mana, even the lightest footstep can bring it to the surface.
Mana Flair: What began as black / Has slowly shifted to red. / Fickle color pie.
Mana Geyser: The Quicksilver Sea hissed and bubbled at the indignity. The Vulshok shaman just smiled.
Mana Leak: "If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts." / —Sir Francis Bacon, The Advancement of Learning
Mana Leak: "The fatal flaw in every plan is the assumption that you know more than your enemy." / —Volrath
Mana Leak: The fatal flaw in every plan is the assumption that you know more than your enemy.
Mana Maze: "Those who know only one path to victory can never hope to triumph." / —The Blind Seer
Mana Reflection: Despite its darkness, Shadowmoor doesn't want for growth. Legions of creeping things thrive in the shade.
Mana Screw: There was no darker or more evil creation in all the multiverse than that of the mana screw.
Mana Seism: "It is the nature of humanity not to worry about tomorrow, especially when there's a good chance they won't live to see the end of today." / —Kiku, Night's Flower
Mana Severance: "And when this land is wasted, where will we go?" / —Thalakos lament
Mana Short: "Remove their power, and their will to fight will follow." / —Tolarian wizard
Mana Skimmer: They traverse the mana-starved wastes in search of richer lands.
Mana Tithe: "Those who seek to upset the balance must be taxed for such ambitions." / —Verithain, mesa high priest
Mana Vapors: The scent of magic can rob you of your senses, blinding you to the world.
Manabarbs: "I don't know why people say a double-edged sword is bad. It's a sword. With two edges." / —Kamahl, pit fighter
Manaforce Mace: As the shards merged, relics once thought mundane regained forgotten powers.
Manaforge Cinder: Cinder mystics set traps for sluaghs and other spirits of flame, seeking to extract the secrets of the fire their own hearts have lost.
Manakin: Hanna regarded Squee sternly. "Because it's not a toy, no matter how much it may look like one," she said, taking the manakin from him.
Manalith: Planeswalkers seek out great monuments throughout the Multiverse, knowing that their builders were unknowingly drawn by the convergence of mana in the area.
Manamorphose: "Master the chaotic forces of nature, and you shall master magic." / —Yare-Tiva, warden of Gramur forest
Manamorphose: For a moment, objects of pure mana glimmered in the wonderstruck boggart's hands. In the next moment, they were in his mouth, as he chewed contentedly.
Manaplasm: Urak froze when he heard it. That was his first mistake. He turned and cast a dramatic ward spell. That was his last.
Manaweft Sliver: "I see in their interconnectedness a strange embodiment of the natural order." / —Dionus, elvish archdruid
Mangara of Corondor: "I have been brought to this place and I cannot leave. I may be free of the amber, but I am still in prison."
Maniacal Rage: "Remember me?" Tahngarth roared. "Now I'll repay you for my stay on Rath"
Maniacal Rage: Only by sacrificing any semblance of defense could Gerrard best Greven.
Maniacal Rage: The spikes of sangrite made the goblin stronger, but they didn't make him any smarter.
Manic Vandal: It's fun. He doesn't need another reason.
Mannichi, the Fevered Dream: "Early in his reign, Konda fell ill. His head burned with fever, and he saw visions of his future. In them, he saw a spirit-child, and, in that child's eyes, a way to make his empire last forever." / —The History of Kamigawa
Manor Gargoyle: Nothing could break it but the fall.
Manor Skeleton: Lungs dried to parchment wheeze blasphemies within a cage of bleached bone.
Manta Riders: "Water is firmament to the finned." / —Oracle en-Vec
Mantis Engine: "It's a clever design. You should look closely at its gearing after it swallows your head." / —Jhoira, master artificer
Mantis Engine: Tawnos left a legacy of animal designs in many of Urza's creations.
Mantis Rider: Mantis riders know their mounts owe them no allegiance. Even a mantis ridden for years would consume a rider who loses focus for only a moment.
Maralen of the Mornsong Avatar: MOR Prize Avatar
Maralen of the Mornsong: Maralen sent Veesa, Endry, and Iliona—the Vendilion clique—on the gravest of tasks.
Marauding Knight: "They ride our trails as if they were designed to," said the guard. / "They were," replied Gerrard.
Marauding Maulhorn: "It's not just you. Everyone makes it angry." / —Ardenoth, elvish nature advocate
Maraxus of Keld: "I have no master. I am chaos." / —Maraxus of Keld
Maraxus: Too chaotic for even the other warlords of Keld, Maraxus has devoted himself to serving as a hired killer for the sinister Volrath. A man fond of his work, he's more than willing to put in those extra hours needed to perfect his craft.
Marble Chalice: The cup was a gift from the sphinx Tameron, who hoped that those who drank from it would live long enough to decrypt the sphinxes' wisdom.
Marble Titan: "Strapping on nine hundred pounds of armor every morning would make any warrior cross." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Marble Titan: It entered the temple with all the pomp and decorum of a rock hitting a goblin's skull.
March of the Returned: The Returned have no memory of the Underworld or of their former lives. The golden masks they wear are the last gifts of the selves they left behind.
Marchesa's Emissary: "The Black Rose doesn't tolerate weeds."
Marchesa's Infiltrator: "Secrets, like coins, are easy to steal."
Marchesa's Smuggler: "Watch your head . . . and your back."
Mardu Banner: Speed to strike, fury to smash.
Mardu Blazebringer: "Make sure he's pointed in the right direction before you light him. And don't let the goblins anywhere near the torch." / —Kerai Suddenblade, Mardu hordechief
Mardu Hateblade: "There may be little honor in my tactics, but there is no honor in losing."
Mardu Heart-Piercer: "Those who have never ridden before the wind do not know the true joy of war."
Mardu Hordechief: The horde grows with each assault.
Mardu Roughrider: The most ferocious saddlebrutes lead the assault, ramming through massed pikes and stout barricades as if they were paper and silk.
Mardu Warshrieker: "No body can contain so much fury. It reminds me of another battle, long past." / —Sarkhan Vol
Marhault Elsdragon: Marhault Elsdragon follows a strict philosophy, never letting emotions cloud his thoughts. No chance observer could imagine the rage in his heart.
Marhault Elsdragon: Marhault follows a strict philosophy, never letting emotions cloud his thoughts. No chance observer could imagine the rage in his heart.
Marisi's Twinclaws: "Looks like we're completely outnumbered." / "Lucky for us. I thought we'd be bored."
Maritime Guard: Once common in the Kapsho Seas, merfolk were hunted almost to extinction. They survived those dark days and emerged calculating and determined to endure.
Mark for Death: Everyone roots for the little guy, but nobody bets on him.
Mark of Asylum: A paragon of honor, Galo Aher fell to a blast of fire. The Order of the White Orchid was so saddened that they forged a new sigil in his likeness.
Mark of Eviction: Tharashk the Bold suddenly wasn't himself. Or anyone else, for that matter.
Mark of Fury: Many Keldon warriors bear the mark of intentional insanity.
Mark of Mutiny: The flame of anger is hard to douse once lit.
Mark of the Oni: "As more oni walked Kamigawa, more darkness infested its inhabitants' souls." / —The History of Kamigawa
Mark of the Vampire: "My ‘condition' is a trial. The weak are consumed by it. The strong transcend it." / —Sorin Markov
Marked by Honor: Stand your post for duty. Stand your ground for honor.
Marker Beetles: In case of emergency, crush bug.
Market Festival: Commerce is always the basis for peace.
Markov Blademaster: "Mortals practice swordplay for a few decades at best. How can they ever attain the exquisite mastery that eternity has to offer?"
Markov Patrician: Vampires of the Markov bloodline pride themselves on their exquisite taste in fashion, art, and "wine of the vein."
Markov Warlord: "What use is a stake or holy symbol in the hands of a coward?"
Markov's Servant: ". . . and for that I shall be eternally grateful."
Maro Avatar: 9ED Prize Avatar
Maro: No two see the same Maro.
Marrow Bats: "No matter how far we push into Stensia, undeath will always remain in these lands." / —Terhold, archmage of Drunau
Marrow Shards: "We are a single entity. Dissenters must be sutured into the Orthodoxy." / —Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Marrow-Gnawer: Marrow-Gnawer united three nezumi gangs when he slew their leaders in a single night. Now they call him their first lord.
Marsh Boa: Though a powerful constrictor, it prefers simply to drown its prey.
Marsh Gas: "Comes right outta th' ground. If ya can smell it, it's too late." / —Keevy Bogsbury
Marsh Gas: "Comes right outta th' ground. If ya can smell it, it's too late." —Keevy Bogsbury
Marsh Goblins: Even the other Goblin races shun the Marsh Goblins, thanks to certain unwholesome customs they practice.
Marsh Lurker: From the mists it rises, into the mists it retreats; through the mists it walks, fearless and unseen.
Marsh Threader: "Give me a sturdy rope over the advice of any so-called expert. I can thread the dark wilds better than anyone."
Marsh Viper: "All we had left were their black and bloated bodies." —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Marsh Viper: "And the seraphs sob at vermin fangs / In human gore imbued." / —Edgar Allan Poe, "The Conqueror Wurm"
Marshdrinker Giant: When giants rise from their long slumbers, they rarely remember how fragile the waking world can be.
Marshmist Titan: A favorite of Erebos, for it has sent many to the Underworld.
Martial Coup: Their war forgotten, the nations of Bant stood united in the face of a common threat.
Martial Glory: "Yes, Boros tactics are unparalleled. But when your comrades are dying around you, inner strength must carry the day." / —Gideon Jura, to Aurelia
Martial Law: "The good of society matters much more than the inconvenience of a few." / —Agmand Sarv, Azorius hussar
Martyr of Ashes: She turns ash into flame and burns enemies to ash.
Martyr of Bones: Puppeteered by Heidar's icy hand, they were sacrificed to the Frost Marsh to raise Haakon's army.
Martyr of Frost: "Do not call the Balduvians barbaric. Their magic is as potent as it is primal." / —Zur the Enchanter
Martyr of Sands: "Only in our vulnerability is there true power, and that power is life itself."
Martyr of Spores: "Weep not for me. I will rise with the spring's new growth."
Martyr's Bond: "Our lives are connected by divine law. The truth of this will be made evident in time." / —Zedruu the Greathearted
Martyr's Cause: Dying is a soldier's talent.
Martyr's Cry: "It is only fitting that one such as I should die in pursuit of knowledge." / —Vervamon the Elder
Martyr's Cry: "It is only fitting that one such as I should die in pursuit of knowledge." —Vervamon the Elder
Martyrdom: "Martyrs are cheaper than mercenaries, and a far better investment." / —General Varchild
Martyrdom: "The only true immortality is in dying for a cause." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Martyred Rusalka: Rakdos cultists hanged her for sport in the township square. Her ghost now stands vigil at what has become known as the Tree of Weeping.
Martyrs' Tomb: Honor the brave who fought, / Honor the dead who fell, / Honor the world they saved. / —Memorial inscription
Masako the Humorless: Konda's servants dared not neglect their duties for a moment under Masako's icy gaze, knowing that what she saw, Lord Konda would hear.
Mask of Avacyn: It hides the face and protects the soul.
Mask of Law and Grace: The archangels zealously drove Serra's light into every corner of their new home as if their creator still commanded them.
Masked Admirers: "Beauty determines value, and we determine beauty."
Mass Appeal: "We have emerged triumphant from the darkness. Let our hard-won wisdom guide us to prosperity."
Mass Calcify: The dead serve as their own tombstones.
Mass Hysteria: The sooner you see the whites of their eyes, the sooner you'll spill the red of their blood.
Mass Mutiny: "What say you, my most trusted advisors? . . . Advisors?" / —Edra, merfolk sovereign
Mass of Ghouls: "An army has filled the valley, but it's not like any army I've ever seen. There are no tents, no fires, no horses . . . just a sea of bodies, writhing and moaning, as if a pestilent village were sent to invade us." / —Onean scout
Massive Raid: "The Boros lack vision. Give them a convenient scapegoat and they'll be blind to the true threats." / —Lazav
Master Apothecary: It takes a remarkable cleric to turn a group of healers into a hospital.
Master Biomancer: "Nature is a wonderful engineer but works far too slowly for my tastes."
Master Decoy: "A skilled decoy can throw your enemies off your trail. A master decoy can survive to do it again." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Master Decoy: A skilled decoy can throw your enemies off your trail. A master decoy can survive to do it again.
Master Healer: Behind his eyes is the pain of every soldier his hands have healed.
Master Healer: Her heart holds the pain of every soldier she's ever healed.
Master Splicer: With Phyrexia's victory at hand, each sect began perfecting its vision.
Master Thief: Possession is ten-tenths of the law.
Master Transmuter: "Wasted potential surrounds us. Lend me that bauble, and let me see what it can be made to be."
Master of Arms: "Being the best usually means proving it to everyone." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Master of Diversion: Choose your battles carefully. For example, avoid the big guy.
Master of Etherium: "Only a mind unfettered with the concerns of the flesh can see the world as it truly is."
Master of Predicaments: Designed by David Sirlin
Master of the Feast: Any pleasure, when taken to excess, becomes torment. It's a formula that demons have perfected.
Master of the Pearl Trident: "Let the land dwellers know the coast is no longer the border between our realms. A new age of empire has begun."
Master of the Wild Hunt Avatar: M10 Participation Avatar
Master the Way: "The Way has no beginning and no end. It is simply the path." / —Narset, khan of the Jeskai
Master's Call: The need to obey was inscribed on every plate in their bodies.
Masterwork of Ingenuity: "The crucible yields what you have forged in your mind. You need only reach in and draw the masterwork forth." / —Wahara, Keeper of the Crucible
Masumaro, First to Live: "In the waning moments of war, humanity's most ancient ancestors return. But whose side shall they make their own?" / —Isao, Enlightened Bushi
Matca Rioters: When outsiders interrupted the matca championship, things got ugly.
Matopi Golem: Some potmakers claim to use the mud of such creatures to make their finest bowls—and that the bowls scream when fired.
Mausoleum Guard: "Ghoulcallers trying to get in, geists trying to get out . . . . This duty is never dull."
Mausoleum Turnkey: When he reaches for his key ring, you should be running for the exit.
Maw of the Mire: As the chapel was dragged under, the bell in the tower rang until the murky depths forever silenced its toll.
Maw of the Obzedat: The devout sacrifice themselves to it hoping for escape from their debts to the guild, but many end up owing in the afterlife.
Mawcor: From its maw comes neither word nor whisper—only wind.
Mawcor: Neither head holds a brain—that's located somewhere in the chest—but four eyes aim much better than two.
May Civilization Collapse: "This should halt the spread of your insolence."
Mayael the Anima Avatar: ALA Participation Avatar
Mayael the Anima: The sacred Anima's eyes are blind to all but the grandest truths.
Mayor of Avabruck: He can deny his true nature for only so long.
Maze Behemoth: It returned to the leylines as quickly as it had appeared, leaving only broken bodies to mark its passage.
Maze Glider: The pattern of the Implicit Maze extends in more than two dimensions.
Maze Rusher: "The maze seems to fight us at every turn, resisting our efforts to solve it." / —Niv-Mizzet
Maze Sentinel: The route has been known for millennia, but only by those with no means to tell it.
Meddle: "Shadimir was as surprised as he was relieved when the blow turned aside." / —Afari, Tales
Meddle: Strength may win the fight, but style wins the crowd.
Meddling Kids: These kids know their four-letter words.
Meddling Mage: "This violent wasteland is an indictment of its people. These cowards lack the will to oppose disorder."
Meddling Mage: Meddling mages chant so loudly that no one can get a spell in edgewise.
Medicine Bag: "My medicine bag and I have treated countless wounds and illnesses. But never have I seen so many made so sick for so long. We will never eat Squee's cooking again." / —Orim, journal
Medicine Runner: Elvish healers carry vials of the balm known as dawnglow, reserving it for those wounds that herbs cannot treat.
Meditate: "Part of me believes that Barrin taught me meditation simply to shut me up." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Meditation Puzzle: Find your center, and you will find your way.
Meekstone: The bigger they are, the stronger its pull.
Meekstone: When the mighty sleep, the lowly prowl.
Megantic Sliver: Even the thrums, the lowliest of slivers, become deadly in its presence.
Megatog: In an ironic bit of evolution, the megatog's dozens of teeth are mainly ornamental. It prefers swallowing things whole.
Meglonoth: When the shards merged, Mayael found herself the general of Naya's mightiest army.
Megrim: "It's a vicious circle. Stress breeds pain. Pain breeds stress. It's simply beautiful, wouldn't you agree?" / —Vradeen, vampire nocturnus
Megrim: "Pain is both a tool and a craft. Like any tool, it must be sharpened. Like any craft, it must be practiced." / —Hooks, Cabal torturer
Megrim: "You can run from your pain, but you will tire before it does." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Megrim: "You can run from your pain," explained Gerrard to Crovax, "but take it from experience: you will tire before it does."
Megrim: Memories cut from the mind can cut right back.
Meishin, the Mind Cage: It's dangerous indeed to be lost in someone else's thoughts.
Melesse Spirit: Like a laughing knife, immaculate and sharp, is the Melesse.
Meletis Charlatan: "Every object has an echo in the Æther beyond the world. Every idea has a shadow that can be brought to light."
Melira's Keepers: Her warriors are the last defense against the coming storm.
Melira, Sylvok Outcast: Once a pariah, now Mirrodin's greatest hope.
Meloku the Clouded Mirror: He loved his cities in the clouds. When he traveled to the lands below, he brought many reminders of his home.
Melt Terrain: Just as the most finely wrought metal can warp and rust, so too does Mirrodin buckle under pressures from without and within.
Meltdown: Catastrophes happened so often at the mana rig that the viashino language had a special word to describe them.
Melting: "Who needs the sun when you've got me around?" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Memnarch: In the blur between metal and flesh, Memnarch found madness.
Memnite: Reminders of Memnarch's reign still skirr across Mirrodin, reminiscent of his form if not his power.
Memoricide: "You claim wisdom, yet I see nothing in here but tawdry wishes."
Memory Crystal: Hues of recollection flicker like facets of a gem.
Memory Erosion: "The Filigree Texts do not compel you to act in accordance with their precepts. They only specify the consequences should you fail." / —Lodus of the Ethersworn
Memory Lapse: "Eri phar phesta . . . um, phistor . . . er, phistara . . ."
Memory Lapse: "Oh, I had a conscience once. But alas, I seem to have forgotten where I put it." / —Chandler
Memory Lapse: "The caliph was so intelligent he could not remember what he knew." / —Azeworai, "Three Riddles"
Memory Lapse: "To sculpt a mind is to see every memory and thought as an individual piece that can be rearranged—or removed." / —Jace Beleren
Memory Lapse: "Um . . . oh . . . what was I saying?" / —Reveka, Wizard Savant
Memory Lapse: "Um . . . oh . . . what was I saying?" / —Reveka, wizard savant
Memory Lapse: "Um...oh...what was I saying?" / —Reveka, wizard savant
Memory Plunder: "Vengeance is the echo of the victim's own crime." / —Grensch, merrow cutthroat
Mending Hands: "I can staunch their blood, mend their flesh, and knit their bones. But I cannot restore their hope." / —Tender-Hand, kitsune healer
Mending Touch: "The gift of life must be freely given. Anything less would diminish us all." / —Arin, Selesnya healer
Meng Huo's Horde: Through his allies, Meng Huo commanded several hundred thousand troops composed of cavalry, rattan-armored warriors, infantry, naked men with swords, and wild animals.
Meng Huo, Barbarian King: The stubborn Meng Huo was captured and released by Kongming seven times before finally surrendering.
Mental Agony: "His mind is feeble. Feed him to the bats."
Mental Discipline: Barrin drowned his doubts about Urza's project by delving ever deeper into its details.
Mental Misstep: "Your first mistake was thinking I would let you live long enough to make a second." / —Sarnvax, Gitaxian sective
Mental Note: Some minds are more open than others.
Mentor of the Meek: "In these halls there is no pass or fail. Your true test comes with the first full moon."
Mephitic Ooze: In Mephidross, refuse doesn't last long—it's all scavenged, reanimated, or consumed.
Mercadia's Downfall: With an explosion that shook the foundation of the city, the Weatherlight burst from the underground hangar.
Mercadian Atlas: One may as well chart the clouds as try to map Mercadia.
Mercenaries: "Blasted amateurs! Doesn't the queen think we can fight well enough on our own?" / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Mercenary Informer: The problem with rebels is that they so quickly reject authority.
Merchant Scroll: "There's no trade without trust." / —Eron, the Relentless
Merchant Scroll: Lat-Nam wizards trade knowledge on scrolls made of magic so they can better guard against thieves and spies.
Merchant of Secrets: To scrape out a living in Aphetto, wizards are reduced to selling rumors, lies, forgeries, or—if they get desperate enough—the truth.
Merciless Eviction: "I once saw the Obzedat moved to action. Since that day, I've been thankful that they're mainly lazy, and dead." / —Aurelia, to Gideon Jura
Merciless Predator: Before she just wanted to snatch your purse; now she'll take the whole arm.
Mercurial Chemister: What some see as "distracted" is really "fathoming the unfathomable."
Mercurial Pretender: The king went off to find himself. Imagine his terror when he succeeded.
Mercy Killing: "We will give you the peace you seek, though you may not yet know you seek it."
Merfolk Looter: In the depths of Rootwater, salvage and sewage differ only in texture.
Merfolk Looter: It belongs to the merfolk now. / —Shipwreck prayer
Merfolk Looter: Merfolk don't always know what they're looking for, but they're certain once they find it.
Merfolk Looter: When you sink a lot of ships, it's easy to find sunken treasure.
Merfolk Mesmerist: "Don't you think if I saw a half-woman, half-fish with three glowing eyes, I'd have remembered?" / —Drugo, town guard
Merfolk Observer: "The structure gets bigger every hour, with hedrons coalescing even deep under the surface. If I could only get inside . . . ."
Merfolk Raiders: "Turn your back for a second and they just vanish! As if they weren't shifty enough before." / —Rhirhok, goblin archer
Merfolk Seastalkers: "Do they seek knowledge or wealth? Are they bandits or benefactors? It depends on who is chanting the tale." / —Nikou, Joraga bard
Merfolk Seer: The sea leaves no room for tears. / —Zhalfirin adage
Merfolk Skyscout: "Emeria is a pleasant lie, a figment to hide Emrakul's hideous face. I can only hope to uncover a truth that lies deeper still."
Merfolk Sovereign: "Be like the sea: flow around that which is unmovable; for everything else, crash into it unrelentingly."
Merfolk Sovereign: "The sharks envy our ferocity. The eels envy our cunning."
Merfolk Thaumaturgist: "Blasted fishtails! It's not enough that they meddle with my head, but they twist my body as well." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Merfolk Traders: "As much as I hate water, I do love fish . . . ." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Merfolk of the Depths: When giant sinkholes opened across Ravnica, they revealed buried oceans and the merfolk, once thought to be extinct.
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident: "The merfolk of the Pearl Trident have risen from the waves since the earliest days, at times allies to humans, other times enemies. Now their power is cresting again, and who can say which way the new tide will flow." / —Kalis, Onean scholar
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident: "The paladins would be wise not to forget about the Pearl Trident. The merfolk warriors have turned the tide of more than one human war . . . and I have no doubt they shall do so again." / —Onean scholar
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident: Are merfolk humans with fins, or are humans merfolk with feet?
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident: Most human scholars believe that Merfolk are the survivors of sunken Atlantis, humans adapted to the water. Merfolk, however, believe that humans sprang forth from Merfolk who adapted themselves in order to explore their last frontier.
Merfolk of the Pearl Trident: Most human scholars believe that merfolk are the survivors of sunken Atlantis, humans adapted to the water. Merfolk, however, believe that humans sprang forth from merfolk who adapted themselves in order to explore their last frontier.
Merrow Bonegnawer: Banished to the Dark Meanders for hideous crimes, some merrows find a taste for the darkness . . . and the dead.
Merrow Commerce: Schools meet and mingle on Lorwyn's riverways. In the bustling interplay, the merrow renew their sense of community as they sharpen their wits and hone their trading skills.
Merrow Grimeblotter: Grimeblotters spend so much time in the Dark Meanders that they're able to bring a piece with them wherever they go.
Merrow Levitator: He fancies himself a master thief, claiming to "steal the ground" from his victims.
Merrow Reejerey: Steady and silent as the deep current, the reejerey guides the course of the school.
Merrow Wavebreakers: The merrows' prey have retreated from the shore, so they have learned to follow.
Merrow Witsniper: "The world above the waterline must be monitored—and, when necessary, adjusted."
Mesa Chicken: "Lo! lord of layers proudly comb-crested / Hero to hens father to feathers / Crowing sun-caller weaver of wattle / Elder to eggs." / —Rooster Saga
Mesa Enchantress: "Scholars seek to understand the way the world is. I wish to shape the world into what it should be."
Mesa Enchantress: She shepherds mysteries and dust as others would a flock of sheep.
Mesa Falcon: "Pretty Falcon, friend to Soraya. Will you send her my greetings?" / —Gemma, Willow Priestess
Mesa Falcon: "The faith of Serra is borne on wings of hope." / —Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Mesa Falcon: "The faith of Serra is borne on wings of hope." / —Gulsen, abbey matron
Mesa Pegasus: Before a woman marries in the village of Sursi, she must visit the land of the Mesa Pegasus. Legend has it that if the woman is pure of heart and her love is true, a Mesa Pegasus will appear, blessing her family with long life and good fortune.
Mesa Pegasus: Before a woman marries in the village of Sursi, she must visit the land of the mesa pegasus. Legend has it that if the woman is pure of heart and her love is true, a mesa pegasus will appear, blessing her family with long life and good fortune.
Mesmeric Orb: A step in one direction is two steps away from another.
Mesmeric Trance: "Magic overused can freeze the mind. Creativity is more important than power." / —Zur the Enchanter
Messenger Drake: The more important the message, the larger the messenger.
Messenger Falcons: So many aven had died scouting the distant fronts that the knight-captains recruited Nayan falcons as couriers.
Messenger's Speed: "He outran arrows. He outran even the archers' insults." / —Bayma, storyteller of Lagonna Band
Metal Fatigue: The Auriok have fought the metal hordes for so long now that knowing how to cripple them has become an instinct.
Metallic Mastery: "All will be reforged in the fires of glory." / —Urabrask the Hidden
Metallic Sliver: When the clever counterfeit was accepted by the hive, Volrath's influence upon the slivers grew even stronger.
Metallurgeon: "By the time I got there, the heart had stopped. Fortunately, I was able to replace it with something better."
Metalworker: "At this rate I fully expect to be replaced by a clockwork golem by year's end." / —Barrin
Metamorphic Wurm: Only a handful have seen it transform. Or, from the wurm's perspective, only a mouthful.
Metamorphose: If it's not one thing, it's another.
Metathran Elite: If the eyes are windows to the soul, their souls are not of this world.
Metathran Soldier: Just as Serra crafted angels of light and faith, Urza constructed an army of sorcery and power to resist the coming invasion.
Metathran Zombie: "Rise, metathran. You shall serve a nobler cause in death." / —Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Meteor Crater: Legend has it that meteor craters are haunted by the ghosts of those who died on impact.
Meteor Shower: "Eenie, meenie, minie, moe . . . oh, why not all of them?" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Meteor Shower: "Eenie, meenie, minie, moe . . . oh, why not all of them?" / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Meteor Storm: The storm wasn't an omen. It was the fulfillment of one.
Meteorite: "And if I'm lying," he began . . .
Metropolis Sprite: "Well, if that goblin didn't want his tongue pierced, he shouldn't have stuck it out at me."
Michiko Konda, Truth Seeker: "Watch over my father. Tell him I'm safe, but I won't come home until I find out how to bring him back to his senses, and Kamigawa is again at peace." / —Michiko Konda, last letter to General Takeno
Midnight Banshee: Many have heard the beginning of its low, sustained shriek but few the end.
Midnight Covenant: "Not all mortals fought the kami. The ogres revered the oni, while some humans made pacts based upon empty promises." / —The History of Kamigawa
Midnight Duelist: Avacyn's return did not rid him of his desire for revenge.
Midnight Guard: "When you're on watch, no noise is harmless and no shadow can be ignored." / —Olgard of the Skiltfolk
Midnight Haunting: The path back to the world of the living is murky and bewildering. A geist may not even realize that it's terrifying its own loved ones.
Midnight Ritual: Bury old friends deeply, lest they return bearing worms.
Midvast Protector: "I cultivated my faith in Avacyn despite meager returns. Now my faith is repaid."
Might Makes Right: An oath of fealty sworn with a handshake.
Might Sliver: "The colossal thing rumbled over the ridge, tree husks crumbling before it. The ones we were already fighting howled as it came, their muscles suddenly surging, and we knew it was time to flee." / —Llanach, Skyshroud ranger
Might Weaver: "Let my strength harden your resolve."
Might of Alara: The combined strength of all five planes spawned creations none had seen before.
Might of Oaks: "Guess where I'm gonna plant this!"
Might of Oaks: "Guess where I'm gonna plant this"
Might of Oaks: May your weapon be no sword forged. May your armor be no metal wrought. / —Elvish saying
Might of Oaks: Suddenly, she couldn't see the acorns for the trees.
Might of Old Krosa: Sometimes even humble forest creatures were gifted with mighty emanations from the past.
Might of the Masses: The Joraga elves never need ask a troll to leave their territory. They merely grant it their combined strength, and it can't resist embarking on a merry rampage.
Might of the Nephilim: "Send a runner to Tin Street, and tell 'em the delivery has been . . . uh . . . held up." / —Bonmod, caravan rear guard
Mightstone: While exploring the sacred cave of Koilos with his brother Mishra and their master Tocasia, Urza fell behind in the Hall of Tagsin, where he discovered the remarkable Mightstone.
Mighty Emergence: Why settle for mere enormity?
Mighty Leap: "The southern fortress taken by invaders? Heh, sure . . . when elephants fly." / —Brezard Skeinbow, captain of the guard
Mikokoro, Center of the Sea: "Center of the Sea, Eye of the World, Shrine of Enlightenment. Seek it for answers. Seek it for healing. Seek it and return transformed." / —Scroll fragment from the ruins of Minamo
Military Intelligence: To know the battlefield is to anticipate the enemy. To know the enemy is to anticipate victory.
Militia's Pride: If you pick a fight with one kithkin, be ready to fight them all.
Millennial Gargoyle: "You've got to keep your wits about you on the roofs. Not all stones are compliant handholds." / —Iveta, rooftop runner
Millikin: The toymaker frowned in bewilderment. None of his creations had ever sneezed before.
Millstone: Minds, like mountains, are never so grand and mighty that they can't be reduced to dust.
Millstone: More than one mage has been driven insane by the sound of the millstone relentlessly grinding away.
Millstone: More than one mage was driven insane by the sound of the Millstone relentlessly grinding away.
Miming Slime: "We paid the Simic very well for this capability, but we should quickly recoup our expenses in saved wages." / —Milana, Orzhov prelate
Minamo Scrollkeeper: The scrollkeepers never stepped an inch away from the doors of the Great Library, not even when the ogres and their oni masters swept through Minamo.
Minamo Sightbender: Woven from threads of the spirit world, the mistcloak rendered its wearer invisible, but quickly fell to tatters.
Minamo's Meddling: Like storm water through the segments of bamboo, the spell followed the links of magic. Then it destroyed them.
Minamo, School at Water's Edge: Its students graduate the school and enter history.
Mind Bend: "The world, I've come to realize, is a blank canvas on which to paint." / —Ixidor, reality sculptor
Mind Burst: As haunting as a zombie's curse.
Mind Control: "Every primitive mind has a motive. Easy to find, and eminently exploitable." / —Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Mind Control: "The mind: a great weapon and an even greater weakness." / —Jace Beleren
Mind Control: "Why fight the body when you can dominate the mind that rules it?" / —Jace Beleren
Mind Funeral: "The soul is only as eternal as I say it is." / —Sharuum the Hegemon
Mind Harness: Centuries ago, Mangara won the loyalty of the Quirion not by ruling their minds but by supporting their independence.
Mind Knives: To dodge the unerring knife, one must be free of thought.
Mind Over Matter: Lyna turned to the figure beside her. "They're gone. What now?" / "As ever," said Urza, "we wait."
Mind Ravel: An end to reason, an end to order. Forget all that has been.
Mind Rot: "It saddens me to lose a source of inspiration. This one seemed especially promising." / —Ashiok
Mind Rot: "The beauty of mental attacks is that your victims never remember them." / —Volrath
Mind Rot: "What a pity. You should have written it down." / —Liliana Vess
Mind Rot: Not every thought is a good one.
Mind Rot: What wizards fear most is losing their minds.
Mind Rot: With no memories left to compare to his present situation, Andalum was finally content.
Mind Sculpt: "Your mind was a curious mix of madness and genius. I just took away the genius." / —Jace Beleren
Mind Shatter: Dark thoughts hatch and twist within the mind, straining to take wing.
Mind Slash: "I can't think with all that screaming."
Mind Sludge: "Guard your thoughts. You never know who might wish to take them from you." / —Kalitas, Bloodchief of Ghet
Mind Sludge: When you get into the swamp, the swamp gets into you.
Mind Spring: Fragments of thought refract and multiply, surging in a geyser of dizzying insight.
Mind Stone: "Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power." / —Rene Descartes, Discourse on Method
Mind Stone: "Not by age but by capacity is wisdom gained." / —Titus Maccius Plautus, Trinummus
Mind Stone: "What is mana but possibility, an idea not yet given form?" / —Jhoira, master artificer
Mind Unbound: The creations of the hand are confined by reality. The creations of the mind know no such limits.
Mind Warp: The hardest of wizards can have the softest of minds.
Mind Whip: "A mind in agony is a sparrow without wings." —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Mind's Eye: "Ideas drift like petals on the wind. I have only to lift my face to the breeze."
Mindbreak Trap: "Life is a maze. This is one of its dead ends." / —Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Mindclaw Shaman: Nicol Bolas gives power to those who will abuse it most.
Mindcrank: "Let go of your memories and be reborn." / —Argent Etchings, plate 106, passage 27
Mindculling: "Why infiltrate their strongholds when what we seek resides in such a poorly guarded safe?" / —Malcator, Executor of Synthesis
Mindeye Drake: They can map both the cityscape and the minds of its architects.
Mindlash Sliver: Though Dominaria's queenless slivers lack a single purpose, in some the instinct for self-sacrifice remains extremely strong.
Mindless Null: Only a bloodchief can create vampires. The rest sire nulls, who become mindless beasts in their former bodies.
Mindlock Orb: Rogue mechanists once rummaged through the wastes of the Tidehollow, constructing unauthorized golems to threaten the hegemony of the sphinxes. The orbs put a stop to that.
Mindmoil: "My criticism of the Izzet is that their impulse for learning seems too much like impulse and too little like learning." / —Trigori, Azorius senator
Mindslaver: It's a helm that leaves the head at its most vulnerable.
Mindslicer: It is the thing that goes bump in the night.
Mindstatic: "It's always satisfying to stymie the best efforts of a rival, but the reactions of the Gruul are particularly amusing." / —Bori Andon, Izzet blastseeker
Mindswipe: "The past and the unwritten are frozen. To understand their meaning requires heat." / —Arel the Whisperer
Mindwhip Sliver: "They share more than their thoughts. We must shatter their link quickly!" / —Hanna, to Orim
Mine Bearer: "The Keldons may have explosive tempers, but I have explosives."
Miner's Bane: There are certain stones even dwarves know to leave in the earth.
Minion Reflector: To crack a mirror is to provide an opening for the reflection to escape.
Minion of Tevesh Szat: "A minion given over to Tevesh Szat is a stronger minion gained." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Minions' Murmurs: "They are quick to offer advice, those whose mistakes doomed them to undeath. How can I not listen to the wisdom of failure?" / —Ratadrabik of Urborg
Minister of Impediments: When it takes forever to learn all the rules, no time is left for breaking them.
Minotaur Abomination: "Look at that. Shuffling, wobbling, entrails placed haphazardly. It's shameful. Who would let that kind of work flap about for all to see?" / —Lestin, necromancer
Minotaur Aggressor: The smelting district is home to many who see the guilds as not for them.
Minotaur Explorer: After the invasion devastated the Talruum and Hurloon tribes, the survivors began to search for other minotaurs.
Minotaur Skullcleaver: "Their only dreams are of full stomachs." / —Kleon the Iron-Booted
Minotaur Warrior: The herd's patience, the stampede's fury.
Miracle Worker: "Those blessed hands could bring surcease to even the most tainted soul." —Sister Betje, Miracles of the Saints
Miraculous Recovery: "I am the rock of the polis. Death only strengthens me."
Miraculous Recovery: "You stop breathing for just a few minutes and everyone jumps to conclusions." / —Zarkuu, necrosavant
Mirari's Wake: Even after a false god tore magic from Dominaria, power still radiated from the Mirari sword that slew her.
Mirari's Wake: Even after a false god tore the magic from Dominaria, power still radiated from the Mirari sword that slew her.
Mirari's Wake: The land drank power from the Mirari as though it had thirsted forever.
Mirari: "It offers you what you want, not what you need." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Mire Blight: "Is there anything in Guul Draz that doesn't suck the life out of you?" / —Tarsa, Sea Gate sell-sword
Mire Boa: Mire slime courses through its veins in place of blood. No sooner does it bleed than it opens its mouth to replace the loss.
Mire Kavu: "At this rate," said Sisay, "the next kavu we see will have wings."
Mire Shade: "We realized the bog had not given up a soul but had come to claim a new one." / —Scout Ekemet, final journal
Mire's Toll: As the bridge snapped, Berko was sure he heard the swamp laughing at him.
Mirozel: The mirozels are the only stars in Rath's opaque skies.
Mirran Crusader: A symbol of what Mirrodin once was and hope for what it will be again.
Mirran Mettle: "Our land will not yield to Phyrexian corruption!"
Mirran Spy: Accurate information is a precious commodity in times of war.
Mirri the Cursed Avatar: PLC Prize Avatar
Mirri the Cursed: A hero fails, a martyr falls. Time twists and destinies interchange.
Mirri's Guile: Hanna was astounded. Mirri read every leaf and wisp of breeze like a book of ancient lore.
Mirri, Cat Warrior: "Full of beauty and grace, with a predator's instincts . . . Although she wanders, I have always thought Mirri belongs in Llanowar most of all." / —Rofellos, Llanowar emissary
Mirri: Mirri and Gerrard have been the best of friends since they trained together under the maro-sorcerer Multani. A fierce and agile warrior, she rejoined Gerrard aboard the Weatherlight as his unofficial first mate shortly after he assumed command of the flying ship.
Mirror Entity Avatar: LRW Prize Avatar
Mirror Entity: Unaware of Lorwyn's diversity, it sees only itself, reflected a thousand times over.
Mirror Gallery: Only in mirrors do heroes find their equal.
Mirror Sheen: Even treefolk witches steer clear of the unpredictable woods near Glen Elendra. Spells refract off the glamer-polished trees and the eyes of lurking pucas.
Mirror Strike: "Enemies can be your weapons or your shields. Simply show them which they are." / —The Teachings of Zho
Mirror Wall: "Breaking it would be about four hundred years bad luck." / —Nomad sentry
Mirror of Fate: As the glass shattered, forgotten realities and dead memories came flooding back.
Mirror-Sigil Sergeant: "If I had many lives, I would give them all for Bant."
Mirrorweave: "Those who are different are untrustworthy, unpredictable. Put your safety in the hands of your own kind." / —Bowen, Barrenton guardcaptain
Mirrorwood Treefolk: It doesn't need a bite. The bark works just fine.
Mirrorworks: The faces of Geth's corpse-dredgers are disturbingly similar.
Mischief and Mayhem: "The false god Xenagos treats the whole world as his rollick site. If his whims are left unchecked, Theros will be reduced to rubble and ashes." / —Elspeth
Mischievous Poltergeist: "The past is a ghost that haunts you from the moment it exists until the moment you don't." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Mise: Statistically mind-staggering as it might seem, the term "mise" was in fact coined simultaneously by over one thousand Magic players.
Mise: mise 'miz v alter. of might as well (1997) 1: to win when you don't deserve to 2: to top-deck the "tings" you need 3: to be rewarded by an opponent's bad luck 4: to coin a phrase that spreads through the tournament scene like wildfire 5: to fling a monkey 6: to split firewood using a sharp instrument 7: To burn
Misers' Cage: "Let him be imprisoned while his possessions wander free." / —Suq'Ata legal decree
Misfortune's Gain: The mourning families of commanders and generals were often given land, valuables, or money to compensate for their losses.
Misguided Rage: Only when the anger passed did Varv realize he had burned down his home, destroyed his weapons, and killed his friend Furt.
Mishra's Bauble: "Arcum is a babbling fool Phyrexian technology is our greatest blessing. Take this delightful trinket for instance . . ." / —Heidar, Rimewind master
Mishra's Groundbreaker: The very ground yielded to Mishra's wishes.
Mishra's Helix: The helix was the finest example of Mishra's campaign strategy: if he couldn't have Argoth, no one could.
Mishra's Toy Workshop: Even though Urza tried to apologize, Mishra continued to bear a grudge.
Mishra's Workshop: Though he eventually came to despise Tocasia, Mishra listened well to her lessons on clarity of purpose. Unlike his brother, he focused his mind on a single goal.
Mishra, Artificer Prodigy: A sojourn through time gave dark inspiration to one gifted young mind.
Mishra: Both complement and antithesis to his older brother Urza, Mishra also mastered the intricacies of artifice. It was Mishra's strength that first gave rise to the massive Phyrexian war engines on Dominaria, and it was his weakness that pushed him, Urza, and Dominaria itself to the point of annihilation.
Misinformation: "When you cannot rely on your sources, trust your own senses. When you cannot trust those, you must follow your instincts." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Misinformation: "When you cannot rely on your sources, trust your own senses. When you cannot trust those, you must follow your instincts." —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Miss Demeanor: Even war can be civil.
Misshapen Fiend: You'd scarcely believe they could fly until they drop out of the sky onto you.
Misstep: The feet have no eyes. / —Saprazzan saying
Mist Dragon: "Across the plains, farmers who braved the mists began to vanish. Most blamed the goblins; none guessed the truth." / —Hakim, Loreweaver
Mist Leopard: "I can't claim to hunt all creatures. There are some things in the jungle that simply can't be hunted." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Mist Raven: "When you see a raven, head for the hills. It knows when the ghost-tide is headed in." / —Sved, fisherman of Nephalia
Mistfolk: "Although my official log will state there is no evidence pointing to the existence of the Mistfolk, my certainty is lessened by the cursed consistency of the expedition's eyewitness accounts." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Mistform Dreamer: Devotion, the second myth of reality: The faithful are most hurt by the objects of their faith.
Mistform Mask: Trust, the fifth myth of reality: Every truth holds the seed of betrayal.
Mistform Mutant: Familiarity, the first myth of reality: What you know the best, you observe the least.
Mistform Skyreaver: Conviction, the third myth of reality: Only those who seek the truth can be deceived.
Mistform Sliver: Taking the form of a junior researcher, the first sliver slipped out of Riptide.
Mistform Ultimus: It may wear your face, but its mind is its own.
Mistform Wall: Fellowship, the fourth myth of reality: As the tides of war shift, so do loyalties.
Misthollow Griffin: For some creatures, existing is only a whim.
Mistmeadow Skulk: Doyo suspected the boggarts of brewing a plot against his crop, so he scythed away his grain to clear the sightlines.
Mistmeadow Witch: Olka collected the evening mist for years, studying its secrets. Once she learned its essence, she could vanish with a thought.
Mistral Charger: Some sky steeds break from the thundering herd to ride free on the open winds.
Mitotic Manipulation: "They can't even comprehend nature. How could they improve it?" / —Venser
Mizzium Transreliquat: "What is it? Um . . . what do you want it to be?" / —Juzba, Izzet tinker
Mnemonic Nexus: True enlightenment comes not with a new thought, but with understanding of all the old ones.
Mnemonic Sliver: "A jigsaw puzzle that lives, breeds, and thinks." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Mnemonic Wall: "I'd build an entire fortress of them if I could." / —Mzali, Lighthouse archmage
Mnemonic Wall: "It augments anamnesis. What is so confusing about that?" / —Perisophia the philosopher
Moan of the Unhallowed: For a ghoul, every village is a buffet and every disaster is a reunion.
Moaning Spirit: The dead sing their own lullabies.
Moat: The purpose of any moat is to impede attack. Some are filled with water, some with thistles. Some are filled with things best left unseen.
Mob Justice: A single stone can start an avalanche.
Mob Mentality: "Why is loud stupidity so infectious?" / —Rana, Suq'Ata market fool
Mobilization: Newcomers to Otaria find themselves at the bottom of the heap. In the pits, they at least have the chance to climb atop a heap of bodies.
Mobilization: Wars are won with strength, valor, and numbers—especially numbers.
Mobilize: A rested mind is the sharpest weapon.
Mogg Alarm: They make mountains into mogg holes.
Mogg Bombers: Behind every great mogg bomber is another mogg with a shovel and a basket.
Mogg Cannon: Moggs never volunteer for anything twice.
Mogg Conscripts: "Torahn's horns! They've seen us. Now, statue, you must fight to save yourself!" / —Tahngarth, aboard the Predator
Mogg Fanatic: "As if his chest had been a mortar, he burst his hot heart's shell upon it." / —Herman Melville, Moby Dick
Mogg Fanatic: "I got it! I got it! I—"
Mogg Flunkies: They'll attack whatever's in front of them—as long as you tell them where that is.
Mogg Jailer: Hey, wake up / —Mogg secret password
Mogg Maniac: Stand clear if he gets an itch.
Mogg Raider: The evisceration of one mogg always cheers up the rest.
Mogg Salvage: Three moggs, one treasure, too bad.
Mogg Sentry: "Nobody stands in one place better than a mogg." / —Tahngarth
Mogg Sentry: Nothing makes a mogg madder than having to wake up.
Mogg Sentry: Tortured with magic by their masters, the moggs are enflamed by the smell of sorcery.
Mogg Squad: As they crept into the Weatherlight's hold, the squad leader held up his hand and whispered, "Stop, goblins—what's that sound?"
Moggcatcher: "They're not worth much, but they're easy to catch."
Mold Adder: The more you struggle against its coils, the tighter they get.
Mold Shambler: When civilization encroaches on nature, Zendikar encroaches back.
Molder Beast: "A trail of scrap metal can lead it into an ambush. But take care not to overfeed it." / —Adaran, Tangle hunter
Molder Slug: Fortunately for it, Mirrodin is a plane without salt.
Molder: "The forests have succumbed to ruin, but the spirit of Krosa remains alive and vital in these devouring spores." / —Zyd, Kamahlite druid
Moldgraf Monstrosity: The border between life and death is as thin as a layer of topsoil.
Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer: "My mind is the spread of the canopy. My heart is the embrace of the roots. I am deathless Llanowar, its fury and its peace."
Molimo, Maro-Sorcerer: "The world calls and I answer."
Molten Birth: "Few can coax the creatures within the magma to be cooled and take form." / —Koth of the Hammer
Molten Frame: The metal filigree in his body glowed red-hot, and his flesh soon followed.
Molten Hydra: Keep off the glass. —Hydra warning sign
Molten Influence: Lavamancers make simple requests: obey or die.
Molten Rain: When the molten rains fall, entire landscapes melt and flow away in rivulets of fire.
Molten Ravager: "Only the foolhardy would venture into the Akoum Mountains without a lullmage to tame the raging rocks and living fires." / —Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Molten Sentry: Some take after their father, Stone, some after their mother, Fire.
Moltensteel Dragon: An apocalypse in dragon form.
Molting Harpy: Shed harpy feathers leave painful wounds—which explains the harpies' mood.
Molting Skin: "We have learned much from the orochi."
Molting Snakeskin: Flesh wounds are meaningless to those who discard their flesh so readily.
Moment of Heroism: "My faith is stronger than fang, claw, or mindless hunger."
Moment of Silence: The silence commemorates not those who've died, but those about to.
Momentous Fall: It wasn't long until the elves had developed a use for every part of the Eldrazi.
Momir Vig, Simic Visionary Avatar: DIS Participation Avatar
Monastery Flock: "The arrow strikes one bird down, but the flock remains." / —Jeskai teaching
Monastery Swiftspear: The calligraphy of combat is written with strokes of sudden blood.
Monk Idealist: "Belief is the strongest mortar."
Monk Realist: "We plant the seeds of doubt to harvest the crop of wisdom."
Monkey Monkey Monkey: Many matches make more madcap monkey mayhem.
Monomania: "What do vermin cling to when all hope is lost?" / —Sorin Markov
Mons's Goblin Raiders: Just because they have a club doesn't mean they're organized.
Mons's Goblin Raiders: The intricate dynamics of Rundvelt Goblin affairs are often confused with anarchy. The chaos, however, is the chaos of a thundercloud, and direction will sporadically and violently appear. Pashalik Mons and his Raiders are the thunderhead that leads in the storm.
Mons's Goblin Raiders: The intricate dynamics of Rundvelt Goblin affairs are often confused with anarchy. The chaos, however, is the chaos of a thundercloud, and direction will sporadically and violently appear. Pashalik Mons and his raiders are the thunderhead that leads in the storm.
Mons's Goblin Raiders: The intricate dynamics of Rundvelt goblin affairs are often confused with anarchy. The chaos, however, is the chaos of a thundercloud, and direction will sporadically and violently appear. Pashalik Mons and his raiders are the thunderhead that leads in the storm.
Mons's Goblin Waiters: Poached Rukh Eggs / Rock / Cooked Rock / Unicorn-on-the-Cob / Wormfang Turtle Soup
Monsoon: "No one in her right mind would venture off the coast of Kjeldor during this season." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Monstrify: Gackt came to regret keeping his pet toads on his head.
Monstrous Carabid: What happens when a plane of predators collides with four planes of prey?
Monstrous Growth: Get in touch with your inner monster.
Monstrous Growth: Some cats are born fighters; others need a little persuading.
Monstrous Growth: The nightstalkers' little game of tease-the-squirrel suddenly took an unexpected turn.
Monstrous Hound: "Stay."
Moon Heron: The heron is the symbol of the archangel Avacyn. The fact that such spirits still fly gives the church hope that its founder may one day return.
Moon Sprite: "I am that merry wanderer of the night." / —William Shakespeare, / A Midsummer Night's Dream
Moonglove Extract: Diluted, moonglove can etch living tissue. Concentrated, a drop will kill a giant.
Moonglove Winnower: Winnowers live to eliminate eyeblights, creatures the elves deem too ugly to exist.
Moonlace: Once a vision of constancy in the sky, the moon had long been hidden from view by the haze that chokes the heavens. The very sight of it had become a sign that change was in the air.
Moonlight Bargain: At every fifth full moon, the Moon Market convenes to peddle Ravnica's most forbidden wares.
Moonlight Geist: Wails and whispers are the only weapons she has left.
Moonlit Wake: "As long as Rushwood glows, no life is ever truly lost." / —Ta-Karnst, Cho-Arrim healer
Moonscarred Werewolf: ". . . and I will bring the fury of the wild back to my village."
Moonveil Dragon: "Their hearts beat, their lungs draw breath, and they have one true form. I count them as allies of the living." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Moonwing Moth: "Night wings sprinkled with dust / Of a thousand soldiers dead / And a thousand cities fallen." / —Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Moor Fiend: "Let them close the gates of Krov from dusk until dawn if they so choose. It matters not. My fiends shall yet rend their flesh from their bones." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Moorish Cavalry: Members of the elite Moorish Cavalry are very particular about their mounts, choosing only those whose bloodlines have been pure for generations.
Moorland Inquisitor: Inquisitors are taught scripture, philosophy, and the fine art of sharpening an axe.
Morale: "After Lacjsi's speech, the Knights grew determined to crush their ancient enemies clan by clan." / —Tivadar of Thorn, History of the Goblin Wars
Morale: "After Lacjsi's speech, the Knights grew determined to crush their ancient enemies clan by clan." —Tivadar of Thorn, History of the Goblin Wars
Morality Shift: The mind sings, though at times it sings a dirge.
Morbid Bloom: "From the damned I make my garden." / —Jorshu of Clan Nel Toth
Morbid Plunder: Even the dead are raw materials for the Phyrexian vision of perfection.
Morgue Burst: "Let him in. He's on the list." / —Olrich, Rakdos club owner
Morgue Thrull: It's so hard to find good help these days.
Morgue Toad: "The toads of Urborg aren't fast, powerful, or pleasant, but they have their uses." / —Ertai
Morinfen Avatar: WL Prize Avatar
Morinfen: "I looked into its eyes, and its soul was so empty I saw no reflection, no light there." / —Crovax
Moriok Reaver: "The Moriok are fools. They try so hard to gain my favor. All I want is for them to die quickly, to join the ranks of the nim." / —Geth, Lord of the Vault
Moriok Replica: All the secrets of the Moriok with only a trace of their corruption.
Moriok Rigger: The Moriok scavenge for weapons, for armor, for food—and ultimately for their souls.
Moriok Scavenger: Many go to Mephidross in search of lost riches. Most end up as part of the cache.
Morkrut Banshee: "Let go your grudges, or risk wandering the bogs forever in a murderous rage." / —Hildin, priest of Avacyn
Morningtide: "The spirits of the righteous shall rise into the sky. Even dirtwalkers will fly like aven." / —Major Teroh
Moroii: "Touched by moroii" / —Undercity slang meaning "to grow old"
Morselhoarder: It scours the hills for living matter, savoring even the tang of poisonous fungi.
Mortal Combat: The crowd roared, the fighters bled, and the dead piled high in the pits. Only the Cabal could win.
Mortal Flesh Is Weak: "I certainly would have accepted my offer of eternal life. But if you choose death instead, who am I to argue?"
Mortal Wound: "Their tears spill over Jamuraa. Mixed with blood, they wash everything red." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Mortal's Ardor: "Such deeds should be common fare for such as us." / —Anax, king of Akros
Mortal's Resolve: The Fates tried to cut her string but found the thread had turned to iron.
Mortician Beetle: To the soldier, war is famine; to the scavenger, a feast.
Mortify: Many who cross Sorin's path come down with a sudden and fatal case of being-in-the-way-of-a-millennia-old-vampire.
Mortify: The eyes let flow with tears, then blood, then the very soul—the whole wrung inside out, dripping down into the blackened puddle of the past.
Mortipede: Mortipede pheromones choke the streets with sickly sweetness, luring the rash and unwary into its waiting jaws.
Mortivore: The light sigh of its breath whistles through its bones.
Mortuary: "Think of them not as failures but as works in progress." / —Volrath
Mortus Strider: Dimir's best agents hide from death itself.
Mosquito Guard: His aim is as sure as a mosquito's sting, but with none of the warning.
Moss Kami: Kami manifest in the form of whatever they embody in the physical plane. Some tower in the shape of moss or bark, while others take forms beyond mortal imagining.
Moss Monster: After the battle, an eerie silence gripped the forest. The losers' remains were lightly dusted with green.
Mossdog: The more you look at it, the more dangerous it becomes.
Mossfire Egg: "Can you feel your instincts overwhelm your reason?" / —Watnik, master glassblower
Mossfire Valley: Lush growth spreads like a ferocious blaze across the Otarian hillsides.
Mosstodon: Whether gargantuans are the manifested will of Progenitus or simply the result of overabundant resources is moot when a herd of them is thundering at you.
Mothdust Changeling: "Ever seen a changeling fly into a lantern?" / —Calydd, kithkin farmer
Mother of Goons: "Word to me."
Mother of Runes: "My family protects all families."
Mothrider Samurai: When the night blossoms open, the wings of Eiganjo take flight.
Mountain Bandit: Penniless and far from home, many former Yellow Scarves and other soldiers became bandits to survive.
Mountain Goat: "Folklore has it that to capture a Mountain Goat is a sign of divine blessing. I just know it's a sign that dinner is on the way." / —Klazina Jansdotter, Leader of the Order of the Sacred Torch
Mountain Goat: "Folklore has it that to capture a mountain goat is a sign of divine blessing. I just know it's a sign that dinner is on the way." / —Klazina Jansdotter, / Leader of the Order of the Sacred Torch
Mountain Goat: Only the heroic and the mad follow mountain goat trails.
Mountain Titan: "The Titans claimed to draw strength from the rocks, but I suspect them of some darker allegiance." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Mountain Yeti: The Yeti's single greatest asset is its unnerving ability to blend in with its surroundings.
Mournful Zombie: Treated with a powerful mix of herbs and potions, its wrappings have a remarkable preservative effect, even for the living.
Mourning Thrull: During their ascent to spirithood, patriarchs of Orzhova shed both flesh and emotion. This earthly slag is collected and formed into thrulls.
Mourning: Barrin waited for the nausea to pass or for Urza to say something else. He waited in vain.
Mournwhelk: It hoards Lorwyn's rare sorrows.
Mouth to Mouth: Interesting tidbit: Surveys show that the card Ow has one of the most popular pieces of flavor text in the Unglued expansion.
Mox Opal: The suns of Mirrodin have shone upon perfection only once.
Mtenda Griffin: "Unlike Zhalfir, the griffin needs no council to keep harmony among its parts." —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Mtenda Herder: "All animals—even humans—can be herded. The trick is to make them think they choose their own destination." / —Mangara
Mtenda Lion: "The lion drank that lake right up! In thanks, he gave Siti the power to speak with lions and make them leave the goats alone." / —Afari, Tales
Muck Rats: "Just as some fool said it couldn't get worse, the rats began to show up." / —Alaborn soldier
Muck Rats: "Just as some fool said it couldn't get worse, the rats began to show up." / —Foot soldier
Muck Rats: The difference between a nuisance and a threat is often merely a matter of numbers.
Mudbrawler Cohort: Before a raid, the members of Wort's gang egg each other on with tales of their hunger and what they'll do to sate it, each outdoing the last.
Mudbrawler Raiders: To reach the ravine of the Wanderbrine River, they were told to take the shortcut "through the mountains." They took the directions literally.
Mudbutton Torchrunner: The oil sloshes against his skull as he nears his destination: the Frogtosser Games and the lighting of the Flaming Boggart.
Mudhole: "Doing okay back there, Tarv? Tarv?"
Mugging: Scream: muffled. Pockets: emptied. Neck function: never the same again.
Mulch: Hope is the one crop that can grow in any climate.
Mulch: The land knows no difference between the graves of commoners and nobles.
Multani's Decree: "This is my place of power. Nothing can take root here unless I allow it." / —Multani, maro-sorcerer
Multani's Harmony: "Welcome to paradise."
Multani's Presence: When a tree falls in the forest, Multani hears it.
Multani, Maro-Sorcerer: "To make peace with the forest, make peace with me." / —Multani, to Urza
Multani: In mentoring apprentice mages, the forest spirit Multani teaches each to respect nature while making use of its gifts. Multani taught Gerrard, Mirri, and Rofellos to hone their spellcasting in tandem with more physical disciplines so that both would be improved.
Mundungu: "Our buried kings silently await the revolt of dead peasants." / —Tuwile, mundungu of Aku
Mungha Wurm: Cities have crumbled under its weight.
Muraganda Petroglyphs: Some mages forsake their scrolls and libraries to learn at the feet of ancient trees and sacred stones.
Murasa Pyromancer: "Fire is my accomplice. For enough coin, it can be yours as well."
Murder Investigation: "Every death has a web of consequences. Our job is to find the spider."
Murder of Crows: Even more than carrion, they crave the last words of the dying.
Murderous Betrayal: In darkness, the assassin sneaked into the village and destroyed what Eladamri loved most: his daughter.
Murderous Betrayal: Which hurts more: a sword in the gut or a dagger in the back?
Murderous Cut: The blades of a Sultai assassin stab like the fangs of a dragon.
Murderous Redcap Avatar: SHM Participation Avatar
Murderous Spoils: Scavengers are always the first to pay their respects.
Murk Dwellers: When Raganorn unsealed the catacombs, he found more than the dead and their treasures.
Murmuring Phantasm: "The most insidious thing in the world is nonsense that sounds just plausible enough to listen to." / —Lazav
Murmurs from Beyond: Like pools of fog that hid treacherous rocks from sailors' eyes, so too were the hands of the kami.
Muscle Burst: As strong as a centaur's will.
Muscle Sliver: The air was filled with the cracks and snaps of flesh hardening as the new sliver joined the battle.
Mutagenic Growth: "Sympathy is for weaklings. Whoever survives, wins." / —Benzir, archdruid of Temple Might
Mutant's Prey: Every street corner is a hunting ground, every citizen potential prey.
Mutavault: Some changelings born at Velis Vel never return, but their essence never leaves.
Mutavault: Some worlds possess a hidden core where life's essence constantly surges.
Mutilate: "It's only torture if you're strong enough to survive. Otherwise, it's a simple, gruesome death. I'm happy either way." / —Liliana Vess
Mutilate: "It's only torture if you're strong enough to survive. Otherwise, it's a simple, gruesome death. I'm happy with either outcome." / —Liliana Vess
Mutilate: "They appreciate my handiwork. I hear their joy in every scream." / —Chainer, dementia master
Mutilate: Liliana developed a fondness for the moment when roaring becomes squealing.
Muzzle: Clenched teeth do not bite. / —Cho-Arrim saying
Mwonvuli Acid-Moss: "Life gives way to death, and death to new life. Nature feeds upon her own decay." / —Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Mwonvuli Beast Tracker: "The more dangerous, the better."
Mwonvuli Ooze: "Ewww!"
My First Tome: This card is named My First Tome.
My Genius Knows No Bounds: "I can see . . . everything. The beginning and the end of time. The raw edges of reality. And now I see exactly how to kill you."
My Wish Is Your Command: "Indulge me. Just one spell. One potentially fatal spell gone horribly awry."
Mycoid Shepherd: As pure mana flooded across the shards, it brought a sense of unity even to Jund's vicious food chain.
Mycosynth Fiend: "I wish I could take credit for it, but nature progresses on its own, just the way it should." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Mycosynth Wellspring: The oil created the mycosynth. The mycosynth created New Phyrexia.
Myr Adapter: "The simplest way to plan ahead is merely to be ready for everything." / —Pontifex, elder researcher
Myr Enforcer: Most myr monitor other species. Some myr monitor other myr.
Myr Galvanizer: "We can't quite determine what they're doing, but they seem to be doing it quite well." / —Vedalken research notes
Myr Landshaper: One thing the myr can't do is enjoy the scenery.
Myr Mindservant: It knows what you are planning, and does not approve.
Myr Moonvessel: Memnarch created the myr with three qualities in mind: dependability, controllability, and disposability.
Myr Propagator: "We will ingest and remake this world in our image, not unlike some admirable designs I have seen here." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Myr Quadropod: Each myr was designed to fill a specific role. This one, for example, was designed to stomp on other myr.
Myr Reservoir: A mana well as bottomless as the myr are tireless.
Myr Retriever: Mephidross gives up treasure easily . . . as long as you take its place.
Myr Servitor: The Krark Clan enjoys pulling them apart just to watch them reassemble one another.
Myr Sire: For the Phyrexians, death is not an end, nor a one-time occurrence.
Myr Superion: Two kinds of myr survive: the powerful and those that stay close by them.
Myr Welder: Memnarch designed some myr to follow the levelers and reaffix lost parts. Mirran partisans put that instinct to good use.
Myrsmith: The Auriok see the artificer as a conduit, beckoning new creations into the world.
Mysteries of the Deep: "The Roil is destructive, but not random. It's Zendikar's way of revealing secrets." / —Ilori, merfolk falconer
Mystic Compass: "And I say north is where I want it to be!" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Mystic Decree: "Curse Reveka, and curse her coddled conjurers. Their sorcerers' school shall yet be ours." / —Irini Sengir
Mystic Familiar: They soar, and the mystics follow.
Mystic Gate: The gate of every kithkin doun is a cunning trap, intended to spill visitors into an oubliette from which there is no escape.
Mystic Genesis: "The Simic can grow anything out of a puddle of sludge. I just hope they never join forces with the Golgari." / —Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Mystic Melting: The sun-hot glow radiated from the druids, leaving scattered metal in steaming pools as it passed.
Mystic Monastery: When asked how many paths reach enlightenment, the monk kicked a heap of sand. "Count," he smiled, "and then find more grains."
Mystic Snake: Its fangs are in your flesh before its hiss leaves your ears.
Mystic Veil: "Magic is my thread, my will the needle. I weave over you as if you never were." / —Poetics of Hanan
Mystic Visionary: "The aven are heralds of divinity. The greatest glory is to join them in the sky."
Mystic Zealot: Nomad youths aspire to one of two roles in the tribe: priest or warrior. Their secret dream is to become both.
Mystic of the Hidden Way: "There are no obstacles, only different paths."
Mystical Tutor: "To the tutors, a ‘poem of sand' was of little account, a ‘poem of ivory,' priceless." / —Afari, Tales
Mystical Tutor: The student searches the world for meaning. The master finds worlds of meaning in the search.
Mythic Proportions: The blood of Krosa turns rational beings into primal forces.
Nacatl Hunt-Pride: "We must hunt and kill the dragon before it can return to raze our ancient city."
Nacatl Outlander: Survival in the wilds of Naya left Tiyan well equipped to win the civilized battles of Bant.
Nacatl Savage: "Blades dull and armor dents. Marisi taught us that instinct is the only thing a true warrior needs." / —Ajani
Nakaya Shade: Made strong by reckless magic. Made horrid by reckless strife.
Nalathni Dragon: These small but intelligent Dragons and their Olesian allies held back the tide of Pashalik Mons's hordes of Goblin Raiders. / DragonCon 1994
Name Dropping: Gemini (May 21–June 21) This week is a good time to branch out and meet others, but don't forget your roots. Avoid commitments and open flame.
Nameless Inversion: Just as a changeling's influence can have dramatic effects, so too can its sudden withdrawal.
Nameless One: "Open your mind to me."
Nantuko Disciple: Unanswered prayers are themselves answers. / —Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Elder: Plant a field with wishes, and you will grow more wishes. / —Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Husk: The soul sheds light, and death is its shadow. When the light dims, life and death embrace. / —Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Mentor: That which grows without roots cannot be uprooted. / —Nantuko teaching
Nantuko Shade: "If the Nantuko only knew what awaits them beyond death, they would abandon all they hold dear." / —Cabal Patriarch
Nantuko Shade: In life, the nantuko study nature by revering it. In death, they study nature by disemboweling it.
Nantuko Tracer: Your past is a map to where you will go. / —Nantuko teaching
Narcolepsy: "It's so cute when it's sleeping, isn't it? Actually, it's still as abhorrent as ever, but at least it's not trying to kill us." / —Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Narcomoeba: It was created by the Iquati as a living memory—one that objects to being forgotten.
Narrow Escape: "A good explorer has to be as slippery as a gomazoa, as tough as a scute bug, and luckier than a ten-fingered trapfinder." / —Arhana, Kazandu trapfinder
Narrow Escape: He could find no strength left to budge, no power left to fight, no will left to live. Luckily, they could find him.
Narstad Scrapper: "Finally, the principles of corpse animation applied to bloodless materials!" / —Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Narwhal: "Who needs a spear? Ya break off the horn, and ya stab the fish with it. Easy!" / —Kakra, Sea Troll
Narwhal: "Who needs a spear? Ya break off the horn, and ya stab the fish with it. Easy!" / —Kakra, sea troll
Nath of the Gilt-Leaf: A savage hunter with a prince's bearing.
Nath's Buffoon: Smik learned the elvish dance quickly enough. The most difficult, yet most important step was to stay out of Nath's sight until called to perform.
Natural Affinity: As long as the dryads are a part of the forest, the forest is a part of the army.
Natural End: The haunted blade shattered, and the geist drifted gratefully to the Blessed Sleep.
Natural Order: . . . but the price of Mangara's freedom was Asmira's life.
Natural Order: ...but the price of Mangaras's freedom was Asmira's life.
Natural Spring: "Jewels cannot be eaten nor gold drunk. What civilization trades, nature simply provides." / —Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Natural Spring: Mirri listened intently, even as Hanna held the healing water to her lips. Would the sound of the spring drown out the elves' approach?
Natural Spring: The dying ask for water because they know it contains life.
Natural Spring: Though many have come to this place to wash their wounds, the water has never turned red.
Naturalize: "And if you threaten me again, your shiny steel trousers will be sprouting daggerthorn vines." / —Iveta, rooftop runner
Naturalize: "From here, let the world be reborn."
Naturalize: "Nature does not need adornment." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Naturalize: "One touch of nature makes the whole world kin." / —William Shakespeare, / Troilus and Cressida
Naturalize: "Stone and thought fade into ruin. Only the wind in the leaves will endure." / —Tomb inscription
Naturalize: "The scholars wept when we destroyed the hedron. I had no such pity. What would this world be like had we done so sooner?" / —The War Diaries
Naturalize: "Well, it also makes a very nice flower pot. . . ." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Naturalize: "When your cities and trinkets crumble, only nature will remain." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Naturalize: If you want to destroy something lifeless, make it live.
Naturalize: The idols of old are rich in minerals and magic. They are torn apart when nature aims to eat well.
Naturalize: The remains of ancient sky tyrants now feed the war-torn land.
Nature's Blessing: "Be open to the blessings, whatever their form." /  —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Nature's Blessing: "Be open to the blessings, whatever their form." / —Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Nature's Claim: "On this plane, the use of magic can provoke a ferocious reprisal from nature. Whoever the Eldrazi were, their relics left Zendikar forever enraged." / —Jace Beleren
Nature's Claim: "The timeless, tireless jaws of nature shall one day devour us all." / —Sildark, artificer of Omu
Nature's Kiss: "I cradle my rage even as the earth cradles my dead kin." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Nature's Lore: "Every seed planted is another lesson the forest can teach us." / —Arathel, elvish queen
Nature's Lore: "Fyndhorn is our home." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Nature's Lore: "Fyndhorn is our home." / —Kolbjörn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Nature's Lore: "It is in our nature to recognize beauty, but to repeat it—ah, that is another feat altogether." / —Hannah of Verdura
Nature's Lore: Every seed planted is another lesson the forest can teach us.
Nature's Lore: Nature's secrets can be read on every tree, every branch, every leaf.
Nature's Panoply: Nature protects its own.
Nature's Resurgence: "The dead whisper to the living. If you listen, you will learn." / —Maro
Nature's Resurgence: Spring follows winter / —Elvish expression meaning / "all things pass"
Nature's Revolt: "One day the land will don the semblance of flesh and challenge even the plowshare's blade." / —Oracle en-Vec
Nature's Revolt: The land rises up to defend against those who would spoil its beauty.
Nature's Ruin: One chill blast—the exhalation of the grave.
Nature's Spiral: Like nature, the fern spirals back on itself, eternally seeking its own center.
Nature's Spiral: Snail shell, fern, tornado—the world connects all things in form.
Nature's Will: "Without the kami to speak to nature on our behalf, we must beg help from nature directly." / —Seshiro the Anointed
Nausea: Any mogg will tell you there's nothing more nauseating than the smell of cute.
Nausea: No fear. No sense. And soon, no lunch.
Nav Squad Commandos: Funded by the Azorius to keep current maps of the undercity, the Boros nav squads survey even the most unsavory areas.
Naya Battlemage: "I have trained in all three schools of magic."
Naya Charm: Deep in nature's core lies a potential unsullied by greed or civilization.
Naya Panorama: Between the thunderous footfalls of Naya's behemoths lie moments of perfect quiet.
Naya Sojourners: The elves had entered a land like an open grave-an act of fortitude or folly?
Naya Sojourners: The elves had entered a land like an open grave—an act of fortitude or folly?
Near-Death Experience: Lands ravaged, cities in ruins, so many lives sacrificed, and yet there was no other word for it but victory.
Nearheath Stalker: "Do not speak of this to the elders. They look unfavorably upon my indulgences."
Neck Snap: "We merrows need not be disadvantaged when fighting on land. We lack the vulnerability of those who breathe only through their throats." / —Minnarin, merrow reejerey
Necra Disciple: "The darkness merely hides the light."
Necratog: The necratog can always dig up a meal.
Necrite: "Ever see a wall drop dead of fright, kid? It ain't pretty."Cpl. Dobbs
Necrite: Necrites killed Jherana Rure, ending the counter-insurgency.
Necrite: Necrites killed Jherana Rure, ending the counterinsurgency.
Necrite: Was it the sight, smell, or aura of the Necrite that killed so effectively?
Necrobite: A servant of Pharika must know countless balms that heal and soothe—and countless more that do the opposite.
Necrobite: An undead snake doesn't bite in self-defense. It hungers as any zombie, never sated.
Necrogen Censer: Moriok necromancers actively spread necrogen, encouraging the transformation from Mirran to nim.
Necrogen Mists: Mephidross filled with roars of fury and wails of despair as the leonin fought to keep their memories from being pulled into the mists.
Necrogen Scudder: Contrary to popular belief, it's kept aloft by necrogen gas, not the screaming agony of a thousand murdered souls.
Necrogen Spellbomb: "Forget that which was never known." / —Spellbomb inscription
Necrogenesis: "Those may be the squirms of one life ending or of another beginning. Either way, I'd leave it alone." / —Rakka Mar
Necrologia: "My enemies' death yields threefold benefit: removal, reuse, and research." / —Volrath
Necromancer's Assistant: Zombies and necromancers agree: easy access to brains is preferred.
Necromancer's Stockpile: The experiments decided to perform some research of their own.
Necromantic Selection: It shambled from the cloud of ash and bone dust, undeterred by its own extinction.
Necropolis Regent: "Jarad fancies himself king of the undercity, but he's merely king of rot."
Necropotence Avatar: ME2 Prize Avatar
Necrosavant: "Ah, I remember my first death." / —Zarkuu, necrosavant
Necrotic Ooze: "To death all must go, and so in death lies ultimate power." / —Geth, Lord of the Vault
Necrotic Sliver: Though Volrath is long dead, the slivers have become everything he wanted them to be: mindless instruments of destruction and despair.
Nectar Faerie: "The unpredictable fae are just as likely to provide a blight as a boon." / —Desmera, perfect of Wren's Run
Need for Speed: His feet buckled the ground, his hands cut the wind to ribbons, and he was gone.
Needle Drop: "First it was plovers and mulldrifters. Now it's knitting needles the size of javelins." / —Calydd, kithkin farmer
Needle Storm: The rain is driven like nails.
Needlebite Trap: The traps around the vampire city of Malakir hint at the thirst of its inhabitants.
Needlebug: Near Tel-Jilad, the Tangle is almost silent, save for the trolls' chants and the skittering of needlebugs.
Needlepeak Spider: "It's a testament to the forests' devastation that giant spiders now make their homes amid Dominaria's barren spires." / —Aznaph, greenseeker
Needleshot Gourna: The first aven scout squad returned from Krosa with disturbing stories. The second returned with disturbing casualties.
Nefashu: Where the nefashu pass, blood rolls like a silk carpet.
Negate: Masters of the arcane savor a delicious irony. Their study of deep and complex arcana leads to such a simple end: the ability to say merely yes or no.
Nekrataal Avatar: VI Participation Avatar
Nekrataal: "I have seen the horrors Kaervek has freed. My Betrayal is certain—but of Kaervek or of Jamuraa, I cannot say." / —Jolrael
Nekrataal: "I have seen the horrors Kaervek has freed. My betrayal is certain—but of Kaervek or of Jamuraa, I cannot say." / —Jolrael
Nekrataal: "You can't protect them all, Jace." / —Vraska
Nekrataal: His victims don't have time to feel despair.
Nekusar, the Mindrazer: His enemies wondered if the lich king's brutal death and unnatural rebirth had been his plan all along.
Nema Siltlurker: In one gargantuan bite, it will swallow not only you but also the riverbank you were standing on.
Nemesis of Reason: Words describing it fail. Pages relating it shrivel. Tales recounting it end.
Nephalia Drownyard: "Some see a coastal disaster. I see a fully-stocked seagraf." / —Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Nephalia Seakite: "Keep one eye on the cliff road or you may fall to your death. Keep one eye on the sky or your death may fall on you." / —Manfried Ulmach, Elgaud Master-at-Arms
Nephalia Smuggler: "My drivers are trustworthy. I removed their tongues myself. Any other questions?"
Nessian Asp: It's not the two heads you should fear. It's the four fangs.
Nessian Courser: Khestes the Adamant, the Champion's closest ally among the centaurs, took one stone to his shoulder and another to his flank. He held his stride and his aim, and let fly the arrow that killed the giant Grinthax. / —The Theriad
Nest Invader: It nurtures its masters' glorious future.
Nested Ghoul: "The chest cavity is cleared of useless meat. I know just what to do with the space." / —Gyed, Vault Priest
Netcaster Spider: It is an expert at culling individuals who stray too far from the herd.
Nether Horror: "My dreams darkened and seeped into my waking hours. Spellcraft and nightmare merged to create this monstrosity." / —Sunniva, witch of Holm Hollow
Nether Spirit: It roams in both the worlds of the living and the dead but belongs to neither.
Nether Void: These days, some wizards are finding that they have a little too much spell left at the end of their mana.
Netter en-Dal: The wizard's vocabulary of mogg profanities increased with every net she cast.
Nettle Sentinel: Though Shadowmoor's monster-haunted wilds beckon, she never leaves her post.
Nettle Swine: "I killed one and found bricks and bones in its belly. It had eaten a whole cottage, thatch and all." / —Paulin, Somberwald trapper
Nettletooth Djinn: "The few of us who survived were denied entry to our camp for two days—so like the pox were the marks we bore." / —Travelogue of Najat
Nettling Curse: "I call them ‘Poke' and ‘Prod.'" / —Chagrach, Rakdos cursemage
Neurok Commando: "There's no more time for secluded study. Answers are there only for those with the courage to take them."
Neurok Invisimancer: "They won't see your shadow or hear your breath, but they will feel your blade."
Neurok Prodigy: "Why should I be bound by rules when I can see so far beyond them?"
Neurok Replica: All the curiosity of the Neurok with only a trace of their duplicity.
Neurok Spy: From the murk of Mephidross to the heart of Kuldotha, the vedalken send their servants forth to gather knowledge from every inch of Mirrodin.
Nevermore: "By the law of Avacyn, the following thoughts, words, and deeds are henceforth disallowed."
New Frontiers: Spreading a blanket of growth to warm a weary world.
Nezumi Bone-Reader: Four generations ago, old Split-Tail stole a bundle of scrolls from the Minamo School. Soon after, the first nezumi shamans were born.
Nezumi Cutthroat: "These nezumi, they disgust me. The things they will do for money no other thinking creature would consider. This, of course, makes them useful beyond words." / —Meloku the Clouded Mirror
Nezumi Ronin: "Some nezumi became as skilled in the samurai arts as the humans and kitsune. Yet no lord would have them, so they sold their swords to the highest bidder." / —The History of Kamigawa
Nezumi Shadow-Watcher: "The Okiba Gang! Night-cursed thieves and assassins! I've had enough of their meddling! Triple the guard!" / —Marrow-Gnawer
Niall Silvain: This is his domain, and while you remain here you must value all life as you value your own.
Niblis of the Breath: "Why do the dead remain among us? Where is Flight Alabaster to lead them home? Where is Avacyn?" / —Eruth of Lambholt
Niblis of the Mist: "Not even a roaring fire could thaw the chill it put in my heart." / —Vonn, geist-trapper
Niblis of the Urn: "I never had the nerve to open that bottle. I'll bet you're wishing right now you hadn't been so curious yourself." / —Old Rutstein
Nicol Bolas: Dominaria's most ancient evil.
Night Revelers: Vampires think of themselves as the indisputable nobility of Innistrad, able to do as they please. There are few who can prove them wrong.
Night Soil: "There were often more Thallids after a battle than before." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Night Soil: Some said killing the Thallids only encouraged them.
Night Soil: Some said killing the thallids only encouraged them.
Night Soil: The Elves gathered huge piles of rot to grow fungus. Out of imitation or forethought, the Thallids did the same.
Night Soil: The elves gathered huge piles of rot to grow fungus. Out of imitation or forethought, the thallids did the same.
Night Terrors: Innistrad is a place where dreams invade the mind and mere shadows exact a terrible toll.
Night of Souls' Betrayal: "How can we wage war against ourselves? What happens when the kami of our very souls rise against us? I answer simply: We cannot. We die. There can be no victory in this war." / —Sensei Hisoka, letter to Lord Konda
Night's Whisper: "I have seen things that would reduce a weaker person to blubbering and raving. Want to hear about them?" / —Vraska
Night's Whisper: The Moriok call the black moon the Whisperer. At her apex, she whispers of power.
Nightbird's Clutches: Shiny polished silver can ward off many creatures, but it attracts others.
Nightcreep: "Please tell me I'm hallucinating. I'd rather be crazy than here." / —Gorev Hadszak, Wojek investigator
Nightfire Giant: Nightfire turns the greatest weakness of the undead into formidable strength.
Nightguard Patrol: "The Wojek defend the laws. We defend the people."
Nighthaze: "To evade the brood lineages, one must be made dark to all the senses." / —Traga, Zulaport runner
Nightmare: As the poisoned land spreads, so does the nightmare's rage and terrifying strength.
Nightmare: The Nightmare arises from its lair in the swamps. As the poisoned land spreads, so does the Nightmare's rage and terrifying strength.
Nightmare: The nightmare arises from its lair in the swamps. As the poisoned land spreads, so does the nightmare's rage and terrifying strength.
Nightmare: The thunder of its hooves beats dreams into despair.
Nightmarish End: "To think some believe it peaceful to die in one's sleep." / —Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
Nightscape Familiar: Nightscape masters don't stop at raising the spirit of a fallen battlemage. They raise the flesh along with it.
Nightshade Stinger: "Most faeries are harmless pranksters. Every now and again, though, you get one that crosses over from mischievous to malicious." / —Gaddock Teeg
Nightsky Mimic: A mimic need only touch a being to learn its shape, but touching usually leads to mauling and messily eating.
Nightstalker Engine: Part metal, part bone, and all death.
Nightwind Glider: Once you learn to float on the shadows, you'll never fear them again.
Nightwing Shade: "There is one hour of the night even we do not watch." / —Sedva, captain of the watch
Nihilistic Glee: "All ends in obliteration—love in hatred, life in death, and light in empty darkness."
Nim Abomination: It is one of the oldest nim, steeped so long in the Dross that it has lost all vestiges of humanity.
Nim Grotesque: In the swirling mists, you could walk right up to one and not know until its teeth are in your throat.
Nim Lasher: The rotting metal feeds the necrogen mists, and in turn the mists feed the nim.
Nim Replica: It kills with unfeeling malice.
Nim Shambler: Called "the Dross" by its inhabitants, Mephidross is home to the nim, Mirrodin's mindless, ravenous undead.
Nim Shrieker: As imps they were an annoyance. As nim they are a pestilence.
Nimana Sell-Sword: "He asked if I had work for him. No wasn't the right answer." / —Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Nimble Mongoose: Faster than a cobra's bite.
Nimbus Maze: To find its center is to find one's own.
Nimbus Swimmer: The Simic soon discovered that the sky offered as few constraints on size as the sea.
Nimbus Wings: Explorers may find ways into the Sky Ruin, but they find its secrets well protected by shifting hedrons and Roil winds.
Nimbus of the Isles: The people of the Sevick Isles have a unique understanding of the term "ominous clouds."
Nin, the Pain Artist: "Your body is a delicate instrument that tells me truths. These devices help me ‘tune' that instrument."
Nine-Ringed Bo: "We received an anonymous letter suggesting that Kumano holds a secret to defeating the kami, but he is nowhere to be found." / —General Takeno, letter to Lord Konda
Nip Gwyllion: Once your life and all your worldly possessions have been surrendered to her, a gwyllion can be surprisingly civilized.
Nirkana Revenant: Hate is an everlasting wellspring from which it is eternally sustained.
Nissa's Chosen: "Nissa will save the elves, but only the ones who have proved their worth."
Niv-Mizzet, Dracogenius: He has no patience for minds that do not inspire him or explode by trying.
Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind: "(Z–>)90° – (E–N²W)90°t = 1"
Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind: As brilliant as a cut diamond, and with just as cruel an edge.
Niveous Wisps: In a world devoid of sun, illumination comes from cheerless fires or the wandering spirits of the dead.
Nivix Guildmage: "The only action worth taking is one with an unknown outcome."
Nivix, Aerie of the Firemind: Niv-Mizzet's genius and vanity reverberate throughout the mirrored halls of Nivix.
Nivmagus Elemental: When it escaped, the experimenters hesitated. It would cause untold havoc, yet they wished to see it in action.
Nix: "There is no shortcut to work done true and well. The Creators learned this to their sorrow, the first time they made the world." / —Githri the Prisoner
No Mercy: "We had years to prepare, while they had mere minutes." / —Kerrick, sleeper agent
No Quarter: As Gerrard and Greven neared each other, the moggs caught between them realized they should flee.
No Rest for the Wicked: "The soul? Here, we have no use for such frivolities." / —Sitrik, birth priest
No-Dachi: Not keen-edged enough for cutting armor, the no-dachi slew by folding its victim rapidly and violently under the weight of its impact.
Nobilis of War: "A great siege is a banquet to him; a long and terrible battle, the most exquisite delicacy." / —The Seer's Parables
Noble Elephant: "Proud am I, / strong am I, / courageous in defending my children / and fierce in punishing what stands in my way." / —"So the Elephant Speaks," / Zhalfirin song
Noble Hierarch: She protects the sacred groves from blight, drought, and the Unbeholden.
Noble Panther: Unlike many hunters, these panthers have no need for camouflage. They're fast enough to catch any prey.
Noble Purpose: Fighting for the right reason is itself a source of strength.
Noble Stand: Soldiers will always endanger their lives to defend many other lives.
Noble Steeds: "Only an animal born in the wild has sufficient heart to be a true Knight's steed." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Noble Steeds: "They are fighters as fine as any Knight they carry." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skycaptain
Noble Vestige: Most spirits are chained to this world by their despair, but he remains tethered by his hope for better days.
Nocturnal Raid: "The finest offering of night is not stealth but daring." / —Tetlok, Breathstealer
Nocturnal Raid: The Eastern Paladin doesn't attack at night for the tactical advantage. He does it for the sheer joy of fighting beneath the moon.
Noggle Bandit: Noggles believe that they were the first race ever to walk Shadowmoor. They don't "steal." They just take back what's rightfully theirs.
Noggle Bridgebreaker: "It's always funny till someone gets hurt. Then it's hilarious."
Noggle Ransacker: Noggles live purely by what they can scavenge. There is not a single thing a noggle eats, wears, or uses that did not once belong to another.
Nomad Decoy: If you can take something from a nomad, it's probably bait.
Nomad Mythmaker: Nomads weave tales thicker than tapestries.
Nomad Mythmaker: On the wild steppes, history vanishes in the dust. Only the mythmakers remain to say what was, and is, and will be.
Nomad Outpost: "Only the weak imprison themselves behind walls. We live free under the wind, and our freedom makes us strong." / —Zurgo, khan of the Mardu
Nomadic Elf: "I've journeyed across Dominaria. Phyrexians are everywhere. Plague is everywhere. There's no place left to hide."
Nomads en-Kor: The Kor forsake roots for the winding of the path; forsake voices for the silence of the mind; forsake all else for the poverty of isolation.
Norin the Wary: "I have a bad feeling about this."
Northern Paladin: "How smooth his face, how sure his thoughts. I look forward to breaking his mighty will." / —The Eastern Paladin
Northern Paladin: "Look to the north; there you will find aid and comfort." / —The Book of Tal
Northern Paladin: "Look to the north; there you will find aid and comfort." —The Book of Tal
Norwood Archers: "‘Air superiority?' Not while our archers scan the skies." / —Elvish scout
Norwood Ranger: Some trees bear deadly fruit.
Norwood Ranger: The song of the forest is in perfect harmony. If a single note is out of place, the elves will find its source.
Norwood Riders: "Trade my moose? Sure—when I find a horse that can spear ten goblins at a time!"
Norwood Warrior: "The woods hold peace for those who desire it, but those who seek battle will find me."
Nostalgic Dreams: Seton dreams of life renewed.
Nosy Goblin: To his surprise, Furt discovered that the strange creatures were not at all like bugs.
Notorious Assassin: He wears his infamy like a fine silk shirt.
Nourish: Gelfruit grows abundantly wherever Sylvok druids live, as if the Tangle knows that humans are not as hardy as the beasts or as nimble as the elves.
Nova Cleric: "Our noblest thoughts are our very first and our very last."
Novablast Wurm: "The sun was born within its coils, but it fled to the sky. The wurm hungers for its child, and the world will bear its loss." / —Screed of the Mul Daya
Novijen, Heart of Progress: "The unnatural pressures of life in this city are best withstood by lifeforms that adapt with unnatural swiftness." / —Momir Vig
Now I Know My ABC's: The quick onyx goblin jumps over the lazy dwarf.
Noxious Field: Ultimately, it became a three-way battle: the land attacked both armies.
Noxious Ghoul: Plague and death wrapped in one convenient package.
Noxious Revival: "Dead or alive, my creations are stronger than Jin-Gitaxias's septic minions." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Noxious Vapors: Urborg would just as soon steal your memories as your life.
Nucklavee: It loathes all tastes but two: spells and flesh.
Nuisance Engine: All Auriok children know the tale, "Bolgri and the Long Day of Squashing."
Null Brooch: Give away everything so others have nothing. / —Brooch inscription
Null Chamber: Discovered by Femeref mages, the Null Chamber is the ultimate testing ground for the uncreative.
Null Profusion: "Some say that time is cyclical and that history inevitably repeats. My will is my own. I won't bow to fate." / —Volrath
Null Rod: Gerrard: "But it doesn't do anything!" / Hanna: "No—it does nothing."
Nullify: "Those who incur Thassa's anger will be swallowed whole by her waves, or torn asunder by her bident." / —Thrasios, triton hero
Nullmage Advocate: "Our unity unmasks your deceit."
Nullmage Shepherd: The shepherds work in secret, seeking out abominations against nature and returning them to earth and dust.
Nullstone Gargoyle: Nullstone absorbs and dampens most forms of magical energy, as well as light, sound, and heat.
Nulltread Gargantuan: It crushes all underfoot, yet leaves no trace of its passage—no trampled debris, no flattened souls, not even a hoofprint.
Numai Outcast: "Beware the blade of dishonor. It kills more silently than war, more quickly than age." / —Sensei Golden-Tail
Number Crunch: Can you digit?
Nurturer Initiate: The elves alone preserve the few shreds of beauty left. There is no one else who cares.
Nyx Infusion: A balm or a poison depending on how it is administered, and to whom.
Nyx-Fleece Ram: The gods are fascinated by innocence, perhaps because it's a quality they themselves lack.
Nyxathid: Born of volcanic forces, it thrives on the absolute panic it inspires.
Nyxborn Eidolon: A body Returned, a soul still lost.
Nyxborn Shieldmate: In Meletis, the walls have ears. In Akros, they have blades.
Nyxborn Triton: "He is Thassa's. I could not sway him." / —Kiora
Oak Street Innkeeper: The city is vast and perilous, but there are places where a weary traveler can feel very much at home.
Oakenform: "When the beast cloaks itself in the mighty oak, what good is a bow? When the oak wraps itself around the snarling beast, what good is a hatchet?" / —Dionus, elvish archdruid
Oakgnarl Warrior: "Roam as you will, your roots remain in the strong earth of your Rising."
Oakheart Dryads: "I do not know if the forest was different after they passed. But I know I was." / —Ianthe, Setessan hunter
Oath of the Ancient Wood: "Some gaze upon the forest and see trees. I see true power."
Oathsworn Giant: The town stands on his ancestors' former burial grounds. Even with the graves long gone, he continues his determined vigil.
Ob Nixilis, Unshackled: Designed by Brad Muir
Ob Nixilis, the Fallen: His spark lost, he plots revenge upon the plane whose corrupting mana fractured his soul.
Obelisk of Bant: Whether incorporated into the structure of castles or admired as lone symbols, the obelisks stand for Bant's values of loyalty, honor, and truth.
Obelisk of Esper: It is a monument as austere, unyielding, and inscrutable as Esper itself.
Obelisk of Grixis: Like most features of Grixis, the obelisks that remain from the time of Alara now exist only for dark exploitation.
Obelisk of Jund: Volcanic ash-winds batter it, climbing vines overwhelm it, dragonfire roasts it, and yet it still stands as a testament to a forgotten world.
Obelisk of Naya: Centuries have passed since the plane shattered, yet the obelisks of each shard faithfully serve their long-forgotten purpose.
Obelisk of Undoing: The Battle of Tomakul taught Urza not to rely on fickle reinforcements.
Oblation: "A richer people could give more but they could never give as much."
Obliterate: "The enemy has been destroyed, sir. So have the forest, the city, your palace, your dog . . ." / —Keldon soldier
Obliterate: For his family, Barrin made a funeral pyre of Tolaria.
Oblivion Ring: A circle of light and a word of confinement.
Oblivion Ring: A circle of sugar and a word of forbiddance.
Oboro Breezecaller: "I feel their unnatural influence in the weary, weeping land. Do they care nothing for the creatures who walk below their clouds?" / —Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Oboro, Palace in the Clouds: Here the soratami wove their endless plots—graceful, artful, and deceitful, while the unwitting world moved below.
Obsessive Search: The question strained his sanity. The answer snapped it in half.
Obsianus Golem: "The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone . . . ." / —"Song of the Artificer"
Obsianus Golem: "The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone . . . ." / —Song of the Artificer
Obsianus Golem: "The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone . . ." / —"Song of the Artificer"
Obsianus Golem: "The foot stone is connected to the ankle stone, the ankle stone is connected to the leg stone..." / —Song of the Artificer
Obsidian Acolyte: The truthful will stand in the gaze of death and escape unharmed. / —Obsidian acolyte creed
Obsidian Battle-Axe: It's the flint that sparks a warrior's rage.
Obsidian Giant: After a while, ships stopped sailing within his reach.
Obstinate Familiar: "Lizards make excellent familiars. They never know when they've lost." / —Matoc, lavamancer
Obzedat's Aid: "The Obzedat have revived you with purpose. Don't squander their blessing." / —Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Ocular Halo: While the soldier dreams, the eyes stand watch.
Oculus: "In its gaze I saw no mercy, no recognition that I was worthy to exist." / —Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Odious Trow: Trows are the vile trolls that lurk in the bogs of Shadowmoor. They reappear each night to frighten the living and gnaw the dead.
Odric, Master Tactician: "Fear holds no place in faith's battle plan."
Odylic Wraith: By the time you've seen it, you won't remember that you did.
Off Balance: A heavy weapon deals plenty of damage—but it does have to hit.
Offering to Asha: "His body belongs to Bant now. His soul? I honestly don't know. I expect it belongs to the angels." / —Rafiq of the Many
Ogre Arsonist: "All of Ravnica's looking for you, Dack, from the Wojek on down." / —Maytov
Ogre Battledriver: Ogres are driven by passion, rage, and another ogre standing behind them with a whip.
Ogre Berserker: The machine does the growling, so the ogre's free to smile.
Ogre Enforcer: "Ate up all of his siblings in the first week. A good beginning for one destined to command." / —Suka, ogre matron
Ogre Gatecrasher: A popular game among ogres is to see how many revolutions a head can make before it pops off.
Ogre Geargrabber: Long reach, short attention span.
Ogre Jailbreaker: It took three years for it to occur to him to use the chain as a weapon, but once it did, he made up for lost time.
Ogre Leadfoot: When the goblins need more scrap for the Great Furnace, they simply let the ogres loose and follow in their wake.
Ogre Marauder: Once freed, the oni demanded more and more sacrifices to appease them. The ogres happily obliged.
Ogre Recluse: "Those ogres who did not embrace oni worship were cast out, cursed, and forced into hermitage, waiting for the day the oni would come for them." / —The History of Kamigawa
Ogre Resister: He didn't have a word for "home," but he knew it was something to be defended.
Ogre Savant: He's an oxymoron.
Ogre Sentry: "You have to appreciate the genius of it. Why bother building defenses when you can just fill the pass with angry ogres?" / —Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
Ogre Shaman: Ogre shamans must be bright enough to learn their invocations and dim enough to use them.
Ogre Slumlord: "His tenement is filled with the most vile, disgusting vermin. It's infested with rats, too." / —Branko One-Ear
Ogre Taskmaster: He doesn't have to be smart—his masters only ever give him one command.
Ogre Taskmaster: Ogres learn how to smash stuff even before they learn how to walk.
Ogre Taskmaster: Three little goblins, enjoying their brew. One bumped an ogre, and then there were two.
Ogre Warrior: Assault and battery included.
Ogre's Cleaver: She adopted the weapon of the slave-lord Kazuul, and with it, all his cruelty.
Ohran Viper: The ohran viper is not cold-blooded. Its veins course with the same antigelid venom used to kill its prey.
Ohran Yeti: When a snowdrift shows you its eyes, it's already too late.
Okina Nightwatch: Only the most skilled budoka could protect the Okina Shrine. Only the best of these protectors took the night watch.
Okina, Temple to the Grandfathers: If a land can be said to have a heart, Okina is the heart of Kamigawa.
Old Fogey: "These kids today with their collector numbers and their newfangled tap symbol. Twenty Black Lotuses and twenty Plague Rats. Now that's real Magic."
Old Ghastbark: "Beware of trees that talk. Their words are threats. And mind the ones that sway and creak. They too threaten us, but in a foreign tongue." / —The Book of Other Folk
Omega Myr: Last to charge, last to fall.
Omen of Fire: "Let Balduvia burn to warm Kjeldor's hearth!" / —General Varchild
Omenspeaker: Her prophecies amaze her even as she speaks them.
Omnath, Locus of Mana: It gathers against the coming storm.
Omnibian: "This creature has hyperevolved chameleonic abilities. It no longer mimics its surroundings, instead forcing them to take on its form." / —Simic research notes
Omniscience: "The things I once imagined would be my greatest achievements were only the first steps toward a future I can only begin to fathom." / —Jace Beleren
Once More with Feeling: If yo  . . .  ted.
Ondu Cleric: A cleric's true balm is the confidence he inspires in his compatriots.
Ondu Giant: Some druids nurture gardens. Others nurture continents.
One with Nothing: When nothing remains, everything is equally possible.
One-Eyed Scarecrow: Farmhands and priests mutter curses at the ragged thing; it unnerves more than just the crows.
Oni of Wild Places Avatar: SOK Participation Avatar
Oni of Wild Places: The oni leapt easily from peak to peak, toying with its victims, its voice a purr from the rumbling depths of nightmare.
Only Blood Ends Your Nightmares: "But nothing will end your regret."
Onslaught: The last thing to go through the mogg's mind was its teeth.
Onulet: An early inspiration for Urza, Tocasia's Onulets contained magical essences that could be cannibalized after they stopped functioning.
Onulet: An early inspiration for Urza, Tocasia's onulets contained magical essences that could be cannibalized after they stopped functioning.
Onyx Goblet: The goblet was a gift from the sphinx Gorael, who hoped humans and vedalken would eventually destroy each other to acquire it, leaving all of Esper to her own kind.
Onyx Mage: "We wield death and darkness, powers that make lesser mages tremble in fear." / —Onyx creed
Oona's Gatewarden: "So now you've seen Glen Elendra. Take a good look. It will be the last thing you'll ever see."
Oona's Grace: Oona grants her favored subjects a dream from her own guarded heart.
Oona's Prowler: Deep in Glen Elendra blossoms Oona, queen of the faeries, nourished by secrets and pollinated by stolen dreams.
Ooze Garden: Jund has little necromancy. Instead, the flesh of its dead gives rise to algal fiends.
Opal Avenger: As the sun grew cold in the realm, the statue grew warm.
Opal Guardian: It was a moment in time, cast in stone—a moment whose time had come again.
Opal Lake Gatekeepers: Sentries guard Ravnica's landmarks and outlying districts, unaware of these places' import to the maze.
Opaline Sliver: "When struck, its hide shimmers through sequences of color—a signaling language I am eager to unravel." / —Rukarumel, field journal
Opaline Unicorn: Purphoros once loved Nylea, the god of the hunt. His passion inspired his most astounding works of art.
Open the Vaults: When the vaults are empty, everyone is rich.
Ophidian: "I will ... tell thee more than thou hast wit to ask." / —Christopher Marlowe, Doctor Faustus
Ophiomancer: "There are dark, ancient arts that fascinate even me." / —Sorin Markov
Opportunist: The third time the Oracle glanced suspiciously at him, Starke decided she had glanced twice too often.
Opportunity: "He cocooned himself alone in his workshop for months. When he finally emerged, all broad grins and excited chatter, I knew he'd found his answer." / —Barrin, master wizard
Opportunity: "Opportunity isn't something you wait for. It's something you create."
Opportunity: Little things like morals shouldn't hinder one's ambition. / —Pirate creed
Opposition: "Urza says he's sane. Perhaps, but measures of sanity among planeswalkers are hard to come by." / —Barrin
Opposition: Exhausting a wizard can be exhausting work.
Oppression: "Defeating an enemy is not nearly as satisfying as watching one suffer." / —The Western Paladin
Oppression: "Do not presume to speak for yourself." / —Gix, to Xantcha
Oppressive Will: When Minamo was abandoned, its younger students found themselves thrust into a war beyond their skill with talents beyond their control.
Opt: "We need alternatives, Hanna," yelled Gerrard. "Now"
Opulent Palace: The dense jungle surrenders to a lush and lavish expanse. At its center uncoil the spires of Qarsi Palace.
Oracle of Nectars: When elves find a fount of beauty, they protect it. Where there is beauty, there is hope.
Oracle's Attendants: The future isn't sacred, but its speaker is.
Oracle's Attendants: They follow the prophecy to each new prophet, guarding the future from the present.
Oracle: Known simply by her title, Oracle uses her gift of prophecy to aid her people. She believes Gerrard to be the Korvecdal, the one who will unite the people of Rath against Volrath's tyranny. Her only doubt is whether she will be strong enough to guide him to his destiny.
Oran-Rief Survivalist: "I'm strong enough to survive alone. I'm smart enough to want companions at my side."
Oraxid: "I'm constantly amazed by the tenacity of living creatures on this plane. Even in the stronghold's white-hot core, life persists." / —Ertai
Orb of Dreams: "Behind the eyelids, a flickering flame. / Beneath the dream, a flickering sorrow. / Can peace find you in this sleep / When all the world is tossed by war?" / —Snow-Fur, kitsune poet
Orc General: "Your army must fear you more than the enemy. Only then will you triumph." / —Malga Phlegmtooth
Orc General: "Your army must fear you more than the enemy. Only then will you triumph." —Malga Phlegmtooth
Orchard Spirit: "Pick not the rotten fruit, but neither touch the best. Leave those as an offering for our unseen guests." / —Radwick, farmer of Gatstaf
Orchard Warden: "After the Rising, a treefolk's mind is as limber and green as its limbs, and is at its most receptive to our teachings."
Orcish Artillery: "Ready . . . aim . . . fire" / "Ow"
Orcish Artillery: "So they want to kill my men? Well two can play at that game." / —General Khurzog
Orcish Artillery: In a rare display of ingenuity, the Orcs invented an incredibly destructive weapon. Most Orcish artillerists are those who dared criticize its effectiveness.
Orcish Artillery: In a rare display of ingenuity, the orcs invented an incredibly destructive weapon. Most orcish artillerists are those who dared criticize its effectiveness.
Orcish Bloodpainter: Blood calls to blood.
Orcish Cannonade: "Crispy! Scarback! Load another volcano-ball." / —Stumphobbler Thuj, Orcish captain
Orcish Cannonade: "Crispy! Scarback! Load another volcano-ball." / —Stumphobbler Thuj, orcish captain
Orcish Cannoneers: "It's a thankless job, and you'll probably die in an explosion. But the pay is pretty good." / —Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Orcish Cannoneers: "It's a thankless job, and you'll probably die in an explosion. But the pay is pretty good." / —Toothlicker Harj, orcish captain
Orcish Captain: There's a chance to win every battle.
Orcish Farmer: "Yes, the Farmers keep our soldiers fed. But why do they have to make every battlefield a pigpen?" / —Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Orcish Farmer: "Yes, the farmers keep our soldiers fed. But why do they have to make every battlefield a pigpen?" / —Toothlicker Harj, orcish captain
Orcish Farmer: There is no natural disaster quite like orcish farming.
Orcish Librarian: "Us hungry, need food . . . . Lots of books . . . . Hmm . . . ."
Orcish Librarian: Us hungry, need food . . . . / Lots of books . . . . Hmm . . . .
Orcish Lumberjack: "How did I ever let myself get talked into this project?" / —Toothlicker Harj, Orcish Captain
Orcish Lumberjack: "How did I ever let myself get talked into this project?" / —Toothlicker Harj, orcish captain
Orcish Lumberjack: "Wood is wasted in the dirt." / —Orcish proverb
Orcish Paratroopers: IOU one parashoot / —Urk, mogg fanatic
Orcish Settlers: They wouldn't know their house from a charred hole in the ground.
Orcish Spy: "Orcish armies often employed the smaller, swifter, and less intelligent Goblins as spies." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Orcish Spy: "Yeah, they're ugly, they desert in droves, and their personal habits are enough to make you sick. But I'll say this for Orcs: they make great spies." / —Ivra Jursdotter
Orcish Spy: "You idiot Never let the spies mingle with the Orcish regulars after completing a mission. Now we'll never get them to fight" / —General Khurzog
Orcish Spy: "You idiot Never let the spies mingle with the orcish regulars after completing a mission. Now we'll never get them to fight" / —General Khurzog
Orcish Squatters Avatar: ME2 Participation Avatar
Orcish Veteran: "Orcs often greeted promotions to Icatian battle with anguished wails and pleas for mercy." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Orcish Veteran: Although models of courage for Orcs, the Veterans quickly learned to fear the swift justice of their Icatian enemies.
Orcish Veteran: Orcs are not exactly known for their valor—although most Orcs have seen countless battles, only a handful have actually fought in them.
Orcish Veteran: Unsuccessful in their early battle for Montford, the Orcs quickly tempered their bloodlust with cowardice.
Orcish Veteran: Unsuccessful in their early battle for Montford, the orcs quickly tempered their bloodlust with cowardice.
Order of Leitbur: "The powers of the corrupt will fade before the fury of the pure." / —Bethan Leitbur, "The Way"
Order of Leitbur: "Trained to battle the followers of Tourach, the Order of Leitbur was not as successful in later conflicts with Orcish and Goblin raiders." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Order of Leitbur: "Trained to battle the followers of Tourach, the Order of Leitbur was not as successful in later conflicts with orcish and goblin raiders." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Order of Leitbur: Followers of Tourach regarded all other religions equally: with open contempt. Not so the followers of Leitbur, who made it their mission to eradicate the Order of the Ebon Hand.
Order of Succession: "Long live . . . me."
Order of Whiteclay: Made from the clay of burial mounds, the face paint of the priests is a sign of their respect for those whose rest they interrupt.
Order of the Ebon Hand: "There are intriguing similarities between the Order and Icatia's Leitbur religion, suggesting the two had a common origin." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. VI
Order of the Ebon Hand: A true follower of Tourach took pride in achievement to the exclusion of other concerns.
Order of the Ebon Hand: Dedicated to the principles of Tourach, members of the Order of the Ebon Hand demonstrated their devotion with grisly rituals.
Order of the Golden Cricket: "Should you take it in mind to ride a springjack, remember: there are easier ways to fly, and harder ways to break your skull." / —Lann of Cloverdell
Order of the Sacred Bell: "My brother, it may now be time to ring the bell and put out the call for aid."
Order of the Sacred Bell: "Our bodies are weak compared to those of the kami, our knowledge limited, and our magic poor. Yet we draw breath. That alone is reason to hope."
Order of the Sacred Torch: A blazing light to drive out the shadows.
Order of the Stars: As stoic as the marble halls, as unblinking as the stars upon their shields.
Order of the White Shield: "Shall we turn away a worthy soul because his parents were peasants? I think not." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Order of the White Shield: "Shall we turn away a worthy soul because his parents were peasants? I think not." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Order of the White Shield: A shield of light admits no shadow.
Ordered Migration: "Birds reach all parts of the world," said Barrin. "They will make excellent scouts."
Ordruun Commando: Thick of muscle, stout of heart, and possessing a burning love of justice and the battlefield, the Ordruun minotaurs are the foundation of the Boros Legion.
Ordruun Veteran: "My father was Gruul, but I chose the precision of the legion over the fury of the pack."
Ore Gorger: "We've stumbled upon a network of caves not on our maps. We can only hope it is safe to spend the night." / —Lost Battalion, message to General Takeno
Oreskos Sun Guide: "Let the humans have their pantheon. We need no gods to thrive. Even a mortal such as I can capture a part of the sun's power."
Oreskos Swiftclaw: After the Battle of Pharagax Bridge, the Champion spent many months among the leonin of Oreskos. She found that they were quick to take offense, not because they were thin-skinned, but because they were always eager for a fight. / —The Theriad
Organ Grinder: It knows what makes you tick. It knows how to make the ticking stop.
Organ Harvest: "Lucy, you've got some spleenin' to do."
Orgg: It's bigger than it thinks.
Orim's Prayer: "As usual, there will be time for prayer only after the worst happens." / —Orim, Samite healer
Orim, Samite Healer: "The silkworm spins itself a new existence. So the healer weaves the threads of life." / —Orim, Samite healer
Orim: Trained in the Samite arts, Orim serves as the healer aboard the Weatherlight. She is quick with languages and was educated at the same Argivian university as Hanna. A student by nature, Orim keeps a diary of all her new discoveries—both physical and spiritual—during her travels.
Ornate Kanzashi: Masako was privy to a great many of Konda's deepest secrets, and her hair was always perfect.
Ornithopter: "It has been my honor to improve on Thran's original design. Perhaps history will remember me in some small part for my work." / —Urza, in his apprenticeship
Ornithopter: "It has been my honor to improve on the Thran's original design. Perhaps history will remember me in some small part for my work." / —Urza, in his apprenticeship
Ornithopter: Many scholars believe that these creatures were the result of Urza's first attempt at mechanical life, perhaps created in his early days as an apprentice to Tocasia.
Ornithopter: Once a year, the skies over Paliano fill with the flying machines of those who hope to be taken on as pupils by the artificer Muzzio.
Ornithopter: Regardless of the century, plane, or species, developing artificers never fail to invent the ornithopter.
Orochi Leafcaller: "Only orochi hatched from eggs ‘touched by the kami' may become shamans. These days, there are fewer and fewer new shamans being born."
Orochi Ranger: "The young come to me, confused. They have been taught to respect the kami, and now they must fight them? I do not know what to say." / —Sachi, to her father
Orochi Sustainer: "Nothing is the same anymore. The forests are not as lush, the waters not as pure, the air not as clear. Without the kami to direct and sustain the forces of nature, it's only a matter of time before we feel their neglect."
Orzhov Cluestone: A symbol of power and wealth, the only commodities that matter to the Orzhov.
Orzhov Guildgate: "We do not believe in hiding our wealth in the shadows. This is Orzhov, and this is how we reward greatness." / —Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Orzhov Guildgate: Enter to find wealth, security, and eternal life . . . for just a small price up front.
Orzhov Keyrune: You only need to wield it once to appreciate the power of control.
Orzhov Signet: The form of the sigil is just as important as the sigil itself. If it's carried on a medallion, its bearer is a master. If it's tattooed on the body, its bearer is a slave.
Orzhova, the Church of Deals: Unlike most churches, at Orzhova it's best to pray before you arrive.
Osai Vultures: A sign of battle, the Vultures circle and wait for the victorious to depart.
Ostiary Thrull: Orzhov churches don't pass the plate for collection. They charge for admission.
Ostracize: "You won't be needing this."
Ostracize: Kerrick was to find that some borders can never be crossed.
Otherworld Atlas: "Any fool can open it. But it takes a genius to decipher the blank pages." / —Kordel the Cryptic
Otherworldly Journey: "The landscape shimmered and I felt a chill breeze. When my vision cleared, I found myself alone among the corpses of my fallen friends." / —Journal found in Numai
Ouphe Vandals: The ouphes finally managed to still the clockwork monstrosity by catching themselves in its cogs.
Our Market Research Shows That Players Like Really Long Card Names So We Made this Card to Have the Absolute Longest Card Name Ever Elemental: Just call it OMRSTPLRLCNSWMTCTHTALCNEE for short.
Oust: "‘Invincible' is just a word." / —Gideon Jura
Outbreak: This plague chooses its victims.
Outmaneuver: "Push one goblin into sight, an' run a lot. That's tactics." / —Jula, goblin raider
Outrage Shaman: A boggart's mind is a tinderbox of volatile thoughts, hungry for a spark.
Outrider of Jhess: The island nation of Jhess is under constant siege from Valeron on the mainland. Riders traverse the coastline, always on the lookout for sails or aven.
Outwit: The student asks how a spell is begun. The master ponders what ends it.
Overbeing of Myth: "She walks among us unseen, learning from our imperfections." / —The Seer's Parables
Overburden: The Kipamu League knew what Keld refused to acknowledge: the land could support no more.
Overeager Apprentice: Slow and steady may not always win the race, but at least it doesn't end up splattered on the walls.
Overgrown Battlement: "Our enemy is nothing less than the end of all life. We shall not want for allies." / —The War Diaries
Overgrown Estate: The decay of Crovax's ancestral home matched the state of his soul.
Overgrown Tomb: The best funeral shroud is the fabric of new life.
Overgrowth: "Let the forest spread! From salt, stone, and fen, let the new trees rise." / —Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Overgrowth: Life needs no encouragement.
Overlaid Terrain: One must reap before one can sow.
Overmaster: "Trickery can't defeat raw power." / —Matoc, lavamancer
Override: "The Knowledge Pool has all the answers—especially ‘No.'"
Overrule: With one commanding word, the spell was put down and a fine collected for its casting.
Overrun: "You want to know your enemy? Look at your feet while you trample him." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Overrun: Nature doesn't walk.
Overrun: The dance of angry feet / —Nantuko expression meaning / "stampede"
Oversoul of Dusk: "Some say she hid the sun herself, a desperate act to save it from its ultimate extinction." / —The Seer's Parables
Overtaker: "It's no challenge to master a Mercadian."
Overwhelm: "Let the song of Selesnya be heard above the rhythm of our thundering hordes!"
Overwhelm: The Conclave acts with a single will, expressed by countless warriors.
Overwhelming Forces: By the year 208, Cao Cao commanded more than 1,000 experienced generals and a million infantry, cavalry, and naval troops.
Overwhelming Instinct: The biggest difference between a victory and a massacre is which side you're on.
Overwhelming Intellect: "My brain hurts."
Ovinize: "You wish for me to cow your enemies? I can do better than that . . . ." / —Teferi, second-level student
Ow: Have you ever noticed how some flavor text has no relevance whatsoever to the card it's on?
Oxidda Daredevil: His goggles spattered with grime and his mouth full of bugs, he tossed the engines another priceless relic.
Oxidda Golem: The longer it patrols the smoldering crags of the Oxidda Chain, the more it adopts their fiery temper.
Oxidda Scrapmelter: It subsists on a diet rich in screaming metal and molten blood.
Oxidize: "Ashes to ashes, rust to rust." / —Viridian shaman
Oyobi, Who Split the Heavens: Her angry call split the sky. From that rift descended her champions.
Pacifism: "Fight? I cannot. I do not care if I live or die, so long as I can rest." / —Urza, to Serra
Pacifism: Even those born to battle could only lay their blades at Akroma's feet.
Pacifism: For the first time in his life, Grakk felt a little warm and fuzzy inside.
Pacifism: Frozen by conscience, Karn did not resist as the moggs carried him to the Predator.
Pacifism: Without warriors there can be no war.
Pack Hunt: The one you see is just a diversion.
Pack's Disdain: Like the sun to a flower, the adoring gaze of the tribe is sustenance to an elf. To be shunned is to wither.
Pact of Negation: Those who expect betrayal at every turn are seldom disappointed.
Pain Kami: "All kami are our enemies now, / A very tough lesson to learn. / But it's one that's taken quickly, / When you feel what it's like to burn" / —Ku-Ku, akki poet
Pain Magnification: The Rakdos make sure their victims remember their pain—or at least give up a little bit of their sanity in order to forget.
Pain Seer: Every twitching nerve and pulsing vein carries a message, discernible with the right tools.
Painful Memories: "It is terrible how one brief action can live forever in memory." / —Jolrael
Painful Quandary: "For each word spoken, one forgotten. For each thought, a memory rotten." / —Moriok incantation
Painsmith: The Moriok see the artificer as a taskmaster, forcing lazy metal into more potent shapes.
Painter's Servant: It gathers hues from the twilight mist so that its master can paint a better world.
Painwracker Oni: "Blood flows. Blood calls. Blood devours all and only blood remains." / —Ogre chant
Palace Guard: "I'm not nearly as bothered by being outnumbered as I am by their foul stench."
Paladin en-Vec: "I do not consider myself a hero. I know only what the Vec teach: justice must always be served and corruption must always be opposed."
Paladin en-Vec: "Our belief shall be the lance that pierces Volrath's heart."
Pale Bears: "Daughter, on the day you have killed your Pale Bear, then will I give you your true name." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Pale Moon: Denizens of Rath had never seen the moon before. It was a symbol of change, not constancy.
Pale Wayfarer: As it wandered Shadowmoor, it did not remember its crime—only its shame.
Paleoloth: "Gods do not sleep soundly in the earth's embrace." / —Mayael the Anima
Palisade Giant: Refusing guild allegiances, she fights for those who can't protect themselves.
Palladium Myr: The myr are like the Glimmervoid: blank canvases on which to build grand creations.
Pallimud: The old Vec tell tales of a beast that fed on scraps but turned its nose up at the lavish banquet they set in its honor.
Panacea: A drop numbs the tongue. A sip sends the heart racing. A draught reforges the body.
Pandemonium: "If we cannot live proudly, we die so!" / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Pang Tong, "Young Phoenix": ". . . It was Pang Tong's boat-connecting scheme / That let Zhou Yu accomplish his great deed."
Panglacial Wurm: "Step lightly and we might be able to use it as a bridge." / —Ib Halfheart, goblin tactician
Pangosaur: Only Rushwood is vast enough to swallow this creature whole.
Panic Attack: "What do they see in the throes of panic? I'm not sure I want to know." / —Kezim, prodigal pyromancer
Panic Attack: Sometimes everyone decides to go for help at the same time.
Panic: "If you'd been there, you would've run from that deer, too!" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Panther Warriors: "When you run you're graceful and swift, sleek as a powerful panther." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Panther Warriors: The dogs of war are nothing compared to the cats.
Paper Tiger: The tiger is always quick to fold.
Paradigm Shift: "Barrin always said that reality is relative. ‘The world,' he cautioned, ‘is but pieces of one's perception.'" / —Ertai, wizard adept
Paradise Mantle: "It contains the wisdom of generations of our people. We permit only a chosen few to don the raiment." / —Imran, Viridian elder
Paradise Plume: A last wisp of paradise in a fallen world.
Paradox Haze: "Keep your pace steady through the haze, lest you step on the heels of your future self or trip the self a moment behind you." / —Teferi
Paragon of the Amesha: "Let my lance sing with the voices of angels and the heathen cower before my shield, for I will teach this land the meaning of honor."
Parallax Inhibitor: "The best I can offer is a temporary reprieve." / —Belbe
Parallectric Feedback: "You can't have so many people living so close together, all practicing so much magic, and not expect some feedback."
Parallel Lives: "There will come a time when the only prey left will be each other." / —Ulrich of Krallenhorde Pack
Paralyzing Grasp: "Obviously, the Firemind's mission is worth more than a few goblins." / —Pelener, chamberlain of Niv-Mizzet
Paralyzing Grasp: The Halimar Sea Caves are both the breeding ground of giant squids and the dumping ground of hardened criminals.
Parapet Watchers: A kithkin doun is not so much a town as a fortress, built to withstand the constantly besieging darkness. Only those most watchful and trustworthy are tasked with guarding its walls.
Parapet: There is no wall that can't be improved by making it taller.
Paraselene: "Moonlight has a way of showing all things as they truly are—for better or for worse." / —Zilla of Lambholt
Parasitic Bond: "All bonds are parasitic. Only rulership is pure." / —Gix, Yawgmoth praetor
Parasitic Strix: After finding no sustenance on the edges of Grixis, it turned to the skies of Bant.
Parch: "Your porous flesh betrays you." / —Fire Eye, viashino bey
Pardic Arsonist: Otaria's epidemic of insanity didn't affect certain barbarians—but no one noticed.
Pardic Collaborator: "We've been taught that strength is everything. So how can an alliance with the strongest be a betrayal?"
Pardic Firecat: "I've heard of putting the cat out, but this isn't what I had in mind." / —Nomad sentry
Pardic Lancer: He gets to the point right away.
Pardic Miner: "Punch and drag, / Toss the slag, / Sift the soil, / Leave the spoil."
Pardic Swordsmith: A finely crafted blade will never meet as many blows on the battlefield as it did on the anvil.
Pariah's Shield: To bear the shield of the pariah is the highest honor a Boros can receive—and the last.
Pariah: "It is not sad," Radiant chided the lesser angel. "It is right. Every society must have its outcasts."
Pariah: "Why would I consider penance for my actions when I have so many subjects willing to do it for me?" / —Lord Konda
Pariah: A valiant knight's life has no meaning without honor.
Part Water: ". . . and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left." —Exodus, 14:22
Part the Veil: At the waterfall, the border between the humanoid and the spirit worlds was weakest. The kami moved across it with ease and at will.
Patagia Golem: It scattered falcons like a lion hunting among jackals.
Patagia Golem: Its wings were only designed to be ornamental, but it learned to use them on its own.
Patchwork Gnomes: "Just when I get them working, they always start fighting and tearing at each other for spare parts." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Patchwork Gnomes: When building gnomes, dwarves adhere to the highest standards. The gnomes themselves aren't as particular.
Path of Anger's Flame: "Walking the path of the kami only leaves you with singed feet." / —Soratami saying
Path of Peace: "When the sword becomes a burden, let the warrior lay it aside that another with a truer heart might take it up." / —Radiant, archangel
Path of Peace: "You could die famous or you could die old. I chose old." / —Former soldier
Path of Peace: The soldier reaped the profits of peace.
Pathrazer of Ulamog: No thought but hunger. No strategy but destruction.
Patriarch's Bidding: "Family plots are so convenient." / —Cabal Patriarch
Patrician's Scorn: Lady Farisa's contempt of tawdry kitsch grew even more infamous after her death.
Patrol Hound: To the camp, it was a fierce and loyal protector. To the sentry's youngest daughter, it would always be her "Wuv Muffin."
Patrol Signaler: Many a keen-eared bogle has run afoul of a clever and silently orchestrated kithkin ambush.
Patron Wizard: "The best way to teach is by example."
Paupers' Cage: A cage may keep you in, but it does not keep the stones out.
Pavel Maliki: We all know the legend: Pavel wanders the realms, helping those in greatest need. But is this a measure of his generosity, or of his obligation to atone?
Pay No Heed: "Inhale life. Exhale pain." / —Mystic elder
Pay No Heed: "My course is before me. There is nothing behind me."
Pay No Heed: "Out of this nettle, danger, we pluck this flower, safety." / —William Shakespeare, King Henry IV, Part I
Peace Strider: "The Vanished must have sent it from beyond to aid us in this struggle." / —Kessla, Sylvok shaman
Peace Talks: "By the tongues of a thousand serpents, this time I do not lie." / —Ahmahz il Kin, Suq'Ata diplomat
Peace and Quiet: "In time our realm will shine again. But it will gleam only when we scour away the taint of doubt." / —Radiant, archangel
Peace of Mind: "What can a peasant get for free that an emperor can never buy?" / —Dal riddle
Peace of Mind: Three are the paths of the soul: / One out—roam across the plain, / One back—dwell with tribe and tent, / One in—turn an enemy's hate.
Peacekeeper Avatar: WL Participation Avatar
Peacekeeper: "I have always imagined my mother as such a woman, strong and wise." / —Sisay, journal
Peach Garden Oath: "We three, though of separate ancestry, join in brotherhood . . . . We dare not hope to be together always but hereby vow to die the selfsame day." / —Peach Garden Oath
Peach Garden Oath: "We three, though of separate ancestry, join in brotherhood. . . . We dare not hope to be together always but hereby vow to die the selfsame day." / —Peach Garden Oath
Peak Eruption: "Early olive buds? A good omen. Flock of crows? Not so good. Mountain exploding? Bad. Very, very bad." / —Hira, street oracle
Pearl Dragon: "They knew Bantau was lost when, to hide the pearl he had found on the beach, he swallowed it—and soon grew wings." / —Hakim, Loreweaver
Pearl Shard: Leonin folktales claim it was brought from beyond the sky by the first kha.
Pearled Unicorn: "‘Do you know, I always thought Unicorns were fabulous monsters, too? I never saw one alive before!' ‘Well, now that we have seen each other,' said the Unicorn, ‘if you'll believe in me, I'll believe in you.'" / —Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass
Pearled Unicorn: "‘Do you know, I always thought Unicorns were fabulous monsters, too? I never saw one alive before!' ‘Well, now that we have seen each other,' said the Unicorn, ‘if you'll believe in me, I'll believe in you.'" —Lewis Carroll
Pedantic Learning: Even the trivial can inspire.
Peek: Sometimes you have to read between the minds.
Peel from Reality: "Soulless demon, you are bound to me. Now we will both dwell in oblivion."
Peel from Reality: When House Dimir's secrets are in danger of exposure, the guild takes drastic measures to cover its tracks.
Pegasus Charger: "The clouds came alive and dove to the earth! Hooves flashed among the dark army, who fled before the spectacle of fury." / —Song of All, canto 211
Pegasus Refuge: The first Rath-born pegasus was so offended by the sky that it hid its eyes in the earth. / —Vec lore
Pelakka Wurm: It eats what it wants to eat—which is anything that moves.
Pendelhaven Elder: The elder who carries the ancestral mantle of Jacques le Vert is tasked with his ancient mission: to protect the creatures of Pendelhaven.
Pendelhaven: "This is the forest primeval. The murmuring pines and the hemlocks . . . / Stand like Druids of old." —Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "Evangeline"
Pendelhaven: "This is the forest primeval. The murmuring pines and the hemlocks . . . Stand like Druids of eld." / —Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, / "Evangeline"
Pendelhaven: The limbs of Pendelhaven extend as far as the meek roam, and reach as high as they strive.
Pendrell Drake: The mages of Tolaria found strange ways to spend their free time. Occasionally they had contests to see whose kite was eaten last.
Pendrell Flux: Devoured by the mists, Tolaria was stuck in time, trapped between two eternal heartbeats.
Pendrell Mists: As insubstantial—and as insistent—as appetite.
Pennon Blade: Draped with the pennon of a fallen outpost, the sword came to symbolize the peoples of Zendikar becoming one.
Pensive Minotaur: The Champion and her companions marched through the night, but the battle was over before they arrived. In the middle of the carnage sat a solitary minotaur, lost in what seemed to the Champion to be thought. / —The Theriad
Pentagram of the Ages: "Take this item, for instance. How would it destroy us, Relicbane?" / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Pentagram of the Ages: "Take this item, for instance. How would it destroy us, Relicbane?" —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Pentagram of the Ages: A mirror, a shield, a promise, a great distance, and a kind word—five ways to avoid harm.
Penumbra Bobcat: This cat has two lives and it's hunting for more.
Penumbra Kavu: "These kavu are so stubborn they even refuse to die." / —Tahngarth
Penumbra Spider: When it snared a passing cockatrice, its own soul darkly doubled.
People of the Woods: "Their rain of arrows left only myself alive, cowering within a tree hollow. They did not even come out to loot the bodies." —Vervamon the Elder
Peppersmoke: Like being trapped in a perpetual sneeze, faerie-dust poisoning is both exhilarating and agonizing.
Peregrine Drake: That the Tolarian mists parted for the drakes was warning enough to stay away.
Peregrine Griffin: A griffin is not just an eagle's wings and a lion's claws. It is also the fiercest of hearts.
Peregrine Mask: The mask confers both the prowess of a falcon and its loyalty.
Perilous Forays: "This is the place? This map has got to be wrong . . . ." / —Svania Trul, wayfinder novice, last words
Perilous Myr: To Mirrodin, an explosive. To Phyrexia, a missionary.
Perilous Research: When the School of the Unseen fell, so many magical treasures lay abandoned that no amount of death could deter the stream of thieves and desperate scholars.
Perilous Shadow: There are some shadows that even the Dimir fear.
Perilous Vault: The spirit dragon Ugin arranged the hedrons of Zendikar to direct leylines of energy. To disrupt one is to unleash devastation and chaos.
Perimeter Captain: "We stand between the jaws of chaos and the mantle of order."
Perish the Thought: It removed only one idea from her mind: defiance.
Perish: "There will come a time when the voices of soil and seedling will sing only laments." / —Oracle en-Vec
Pernicious Deed: "The tyrannous and bloody deed is done, The most arch deed of piteous massacre That ever yet this land was guilty of." / —William Shakespeare, Richard III
Pernicious Deed: "Yawgmoth," Freyalise whispered as she set the bomb, "now you will pay for your treachery."
Persecute Artist: The torches and pitchforks were no match for Rebecca's fans.
Persecute: "I want every last one of these tree-hugging, earth-loving, pointy-eared weaklings out of here. Now"
Persecute: "My finest warrior was lost to the Phyrexians. I pray that Lady Selenia died honorably." / —Radiant, archangel
Persecute: "Of all the tyrannies on humane kind / The worst is that which persecutes the mind." / —John Dryden, / "The Hind and the Panther"
Personal Sanctuary: "There is a place deep within my soul where no foe can intrude and no tyrant can conquer." / —Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Persuasion: "Protocol demands that you bow down before me. I always stand on protocol."
Persuasion: There's no telling what an accomplished mage might collect.
Pestermite: The fae know when they're not wanted. That's precisely why they show up.
Pestilence Demon: "I have schemed too long to be supplanted by dead gods. If I cannot have this world, no one can."
Petra Sphinx: What walks on four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs in the evening?
Petrahydrox: It departs through the streets' fissures with a sound like gravel pouring into a pond.
Pewter Golem: Centuries before the first chimneys of Mephidross belched clouds of toxic gas, only the golems' movements stirred the air of Mirrodin.
Phage the Untouchable Avatar: LGN Participation Avatar
Phalanx Leader: His soldiers etch his words on the insides of their shields, their inspiration always in sight during battle.
Phantasmal Abomination: Create an illusion so strong that it becomes another's reality, and you can become the master of all.
Phantasmal Bear: "You know it to be false, but when its claws find you, what you know won't matter much at all." / —Pol Jamaar, illusionist
Phantasmal Dragon: Its hunger and ire are no less for being wrought of lies and mist.
Phantasmal Forces: These beings embody the essence of true heroes long dead. Summoned from the dreamrealms, they rise to meet their enemies.
Phantom Beast: As insubstantial as fear, and as dangerous.
Phantom General: After his death, the general was reunited with fallen soldiers from over thirty of his campaigns.
Phantom Monster: "While, like a ghastly rapid river, / Through the pale door / A hideous throng rush out forever, / And laugh—but smile no more." / —Edgar Allan Poe, "The Haunted Palace"
Phantom Monster: "While, like a ghastly rapid river, / Through the pale door, / A hideous throng rush out forever, / And laugh—but smile no more." / —Edgar Allan Poe, "The Haunted Palace"
Phantom Monster: "While, like a ghastly rapid river, / Through the pale door, / A hideous throng rush out forever, / And laugh—but smile no more." / —Edgar Allan Poe, / "The Haunted Palace"
Phantom Warrior: "Fishtails infest the water, and mists walk the land. Give me simple solid rock any day." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Phantom Warrior: "The construction of a defense is not accomplished by adding bricks." / —Jace Beleren
Phantom Warrior: "There are as many pillows of illusion as flakes in a snow-storm. We wake from one dream into another dream." / —Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Illusions"
Phantom Warrior: It can pass through solid matter—but that doesn't mean it's harmless.
Phantom Warrior: The phantom warrior comes from nowhere and returns there just as quickly.
Phantom Whelp: It lurks in the mist, waiting for stragglers to fall behind. When the fog clears, nothing remains but footprints.
Phantom Wings: "But you said ‘when goats fly!'" Squee whined.
Phantom Wings: Many kami could fly, which put some warriors at a distinct disadvantage. The mages of Minamo took it upon themselves to correct that imbalance.
Phantom Wurm: It died with the forest, yet both linger on in twisted form.
Pharika's Chosen: The serpents' dens built into statues of Pharika serve not only to consecrate her temples, but as a hidden line of defense.
Pharika's Cure: "The venom cleanses the sickness from your body, but it will not be pleasant, and you may not survive. Pharika's blessings are fickle." / —Solon, acolyte of Pharika
Pharika's Mender: "The direst venom becomes a panacea under Pharika's guidance. I bring it to the worthy, clinging at the edge of the abyss."
Pheres-Band Centaurs: "Poets speak of your unrivaled speed," the Champion said to the assembled centaurs, "but it is plain to see that your true strength lies in your unwavering loyalty to one another." / —The Theriad
Pheres-Band Raiders: "Who can deny the call to battle when it sings in our blood?"
Pheres-Band Thunderhoof: "Flesh and bone or star and shadow. It makes no difference to my club."
Pheres-Band Tromper: Trompers are the most feared warriors of the Pheres Band. Anger is their lifeblood. It sustains them and gives them purpose.
Pheres-Band Warchief: The renowned warchiefs of Pheres Band fight with the might of minotaurs and the sagacity of sphinxes.
Phosphorescent Feast: "Mushroom Queen sits among her spores, / Enjoying life and avoiding chores." / —Ibblian pixie ditty
Phosphorescent Feast: The boggarts gorged themselves until their bellies glowed.
Phyresis: "Perfection is at hand. You have been freed of weakness and made compleat." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Phyrexia's Core: "So even the heart of our world has succumbed." / —Koth of the Hammer
Phyrexian Altar: "Your life was meaningless, but your death will glorify Yawgmoth." / —Tsabo Tavoc
Phyrexian Arena: A drop of humanity for a sea of power.
Phyrexian Arena: An audience of one with the malice of thousands.
Phyrexian Battleflies: After encountering them, Squee finally lost his appetite for bugs.
Phyrexian Bloodstock: It reeks of terror and chaos.
Phyrexian Boon: "Dagsson should have paid attention to the lessons of Phyrexia before attempting to create a mechanical utopia." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Phyrexian Boon: "Phyrexia's touch is painful to all but the blackest of hearts." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Phyrexian Broodlings: With limited resources and near unlimited time, Kerrick used parts from one beast to build another.
Phyrexian Debaser: "The second stage of the illness: high fever and severe infectiousness." / —Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexian Defiler: "The third stage of the illness: muscle aches and persistent cough." / —Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexian Delver: Because the dead have no will to resist.
Phyrexian Denouncer: "The first stage of the illness: rash and nausea." / —Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexian Digester: "Our cause will ripen in the fertile flesh of the unworthy." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Phyrexian Driver: Although the abuse was initially effective, the troops soon became numb to it.
Phyrexian Gargantua: Other Phyrexians have nightmares about the gargantua.
Phyrexian Ghoul: Phyrexia wastes nothing. Its food chain is a spiraling cycle.
Phyrexian Grimoire: Every page cost a life; every secret cost a thousand more.
Phyrexian Hulk: "They are convenient in having no souls, but less so in having no spirit." / —Volrath
Phyrexian Hulk: An invasion weapon of ages past, the glistening oil contained the blueprints of countless atrocities.
Phyrexian Hulk: It doesn't think. It doesn't feel. / It doesn't laugh or cry. / All it does from dusk till dawn / Is make the soldiers die. / —Onean children's rhyme
Phyrexian Infiltrator: "It is Yawgmoth's will incarnate: an efficient machine that replaces inefficient flesh." / —Tsabo Tavoc
Phyrexian Ironfoot: It took the Rimewind cultists days to realize they had successfully activated the creature—it just wasn't interested in moving.
Phyrexian Juggernaut: Where nature impedes, Phyrexians overcome.
Phyrexian Lens: "There's nothing I wouldn't give to achieve victory. Can you say the same?" / —Tsabo Tavoc, to Gerrard
Phyrexian Monitor: Being one would be an honor, if the word "honor" had any meaning in Phyrexia.
Phyrexian Negator: They exist to cease.
Phyrexian Obliterator: "Behold blessed perfection." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Phyrexian Plaguelord: "The final stage of the illness: delirium, convulsions, and death." / —Phyrexian progress notes
Phyrexian Purge: Only those who have nothing have nothing to fear.
Phyrexian Rager: "I believe many worlds will bow to Phyrexia. Mirrodin is merely the first." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Phyrexian Rager: It takes no prisoners, but it keeps the choicest bits for Phyrexia.
Phyrexian Reaper: It desires only to help others shed the itchy wet skin of life.
Phyrexian Rebirth: As long as one drop of the oil exists, the joyous work continues.
Phyrexian Reclamation: Death is no excuse to stop working.
Phyrexian Revoker: "To be in the presence of a revoker is to be truly alone." / —Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Phyrexian Revoker: Basic senses like sight and taste are reserved for those in power.
Phyrexian Slayer: Benalia was only the first nation victimized by Tsabo Tavoc's specialized killers.
Phyrexian Snowcrusher: Its plow wasn't designed for snow, but to carve a path through shrieking armies.
Phyrexian Soulgorger: The Phyrexian minds that constructed it did not live past its awakening.
Phyrexian Tower: Living metal encasing dying flesh.
Phyrexian Tribute: "In your final breath you still have something to offer Phyrexia." / —Afari, Tales
Phyrexian Tyranny: "He is Yawgmoth's reward to me. I shall kill him a hundred times a day." / —Crovax, to Ertai
Phyrexian Vault: "The secrets of Phyrexia are expensive. You will pay in brass and bone, steel and sinew." / —Kaervek
Phyrexian Walker: "I have heard terrible tales of black rains, ashen fields, and metal that screams. I have consoled myself that the tales were a myth of some fevered mind. But today I saw a walker—and now I fear the truth." / —Kasib Ibn Naji, Letters
Phyrexian War Beast: "Deal with the spawn of Phyrexia cautiously; only with time may we control them." / —Arcum Dagsson, / Soldevi Machinist
Phyrexian War Beast: "Knowing its origins, how could they have thought they could control it?" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Phyrexian War Beast: "Knowing its origins, how could they have thought they could control it?" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Phytoburst: Phytohydras are banned as houseplants in many residential spires. If left unfed, they find their own exit—usually at the cost of extensive property damage.
Phytohydra: "Look at this creature, so like the Conclave it serves. Cut one head and it grows two. Damage it and it flourishes." / —Veszka, Selesnya evangel
Phytotitan: Its root system spans the entire floor of the jungle, making eradication impossible.
Pianna, Nomad Captain: Some find inspiration in their swords. Others find it in their leaders.
Pierce Strider: "Pain isn't a negative stimulus. Pain is a sign of your imperfection." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Piety: "Whoever obeys God and His Prophet, fears God and does his duty to Him, will surely find success." / —The Qur'an, 24:52
Piety: "Whoever obeys God and His Prophet, fears God and does his duty to Him, will surely find success."The Qur'an, 24:52
Pikemen: "As the cavalry bore down, we faced them with swords drawn and pikes hidden in the grass at our feet. ‘Don't lift your pikes 'til I give the word,' I said." / —Maeveen O'Donagh, / Memoirs of a Soldier
Pikemen: "As the cavalry bore down, we faced them with swords drawn and pikes hidden in the grass at our feet. ‘Don't lift your pikes 'til I give the word,' I said." / —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Pikemen: "As the cavalry bore down, we faced them with swords drawn and pikes hidden in the grass at our feet. ‘Don't lift your pikes 'til I give the word,' I said." —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Pilfered Plans: Mirko Vosk hunted anyone with knowledge of the maze, draining the chances of the other guilds.
Pilgrim of Justice: "I would die a thousand deaths before I let you harm another."
Pilgrim of Virtue: "A life is measured by the lives it saves."
Pilgrim's Eye: The kor send their thopter kites to see if the land is in a welcoming mood.
Pili-Pala: It wasn't really expected to fly. Then again, it wasn't expected to move, either.
Pillage: "Burn their homes. Salt their lands. Nothing survives." / —The Western Paladin
Pillage: "Were they to reduce us to ash, we would clog their throats and sting their eyes in payment." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Pillage: "Were they to reduce us to ash, we would clog their throats and sting their eyes in payment." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Pillar Tombs of Aku: "Aku, City of Hidden Graves / Aku, City of Lost Kings / Aku, welcome me." / —Pillar tomb inscription
Pillar of Flame: "May the worthy spend an eternity in Blessed Sleep. May the wicked find the peace of oblivion."
Pillar of Light: "The vaulted ceiling of our faith rests upon such pillars." / —Darugand, banisher priest
Pillar of War: Just because a temple has no guards doesn't mean it's undefended.
Pillar of the Paruns: Built on the very ground where the Ten signed the Guildpact, the tower is a monument to the past and a reminder of who holds power in the present.
Pillarfield Ox: "May starving fleas birth a thousand generations on your stubborn hide, cow!" / —Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Pillarfield Ox: "You old, immobile clod! If I could stuff your doltish head with knowledge, I'd do it just so someone else could fully comprehend what your stubbornness has cost me!" / —Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Pillarfield Ox: These stubborn and unpredictable oxen inspire the plains nomads' most colorful curses.
Pillory of the Sleepless: Which is worse—the sleep which never ends or that which never comes?
Pin to the Earth: "Mortal strength, like mortal hope, is so easily crushed." / —Thassa, god of the sea
Pincher Beetles: "No fair Since when does a bug get ta munch on me?" / —Squee, goblin cabin hand
Pincher Beetles: "No fair! Since when does a bug get ta munch on me?" / —Squee, goblin cabin hand
Pinnacle of Rage: Mount Sulano erupted not in magma but in anger.
Pinpoint Avalanche: "Some solve problems by thinking and talking. Others use rocks." / —Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Pious Warrior: The Cho-Arrim make no distinction between healers and soldiers.
Piper's Melody: Those who follow nature's path eventually walk in a circle.
Piracy: The sea gives, and the sea takes. Some just help with the taking.
Piston Sledge: Only the goblins could make a simple machine so complex.
Pistus Strike: "Even a nuisance such as the pistus fly has a purpose in our new world." / —Glissa
Pit Fight: "All the coins in Ravnica can't save his soul now." / —Narbulg Nine Fingers
Pit Imp: The moans of the Death Pits were underscored by the chattering of imps, for whom the ship was cause for much discussion.
Pit Keeper: "The undead are not ‘awakened.' They are evicted when there is no room left in the pit for more bodies."
Pit Scorpion: Sometimes the smallest nuisance can be the greatest pain.
Pit Trap: "These traps are truly a symbol of great cruelty and sinister cunning." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Pit Trap: Never forget your feet / —Elvish expression meaning / "watch your step"
Pit Trap: Yotian soldiers were designed to fight, not watch their feet.
Pitchburn Devils: The ingenuity of goblins, the depravity of demons, and the smarts of sheep.
Pitchstone Wall: Its material may not be precious, but the minds it protects are.
Pitfall Trap: Each spike is poisoned—the trapmaker's idea of mercy.
Pith Driller: After boring up through the crust of Mirrodin, it turned its expertise upon the surface dwellers.
Pithing Needle: It disables with pinpoint accuracy.
Pithing Needle: The fearful want the procedure before a blood festival. The guilty seek it afterward.
Plagiarize: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Plague Beetle: It is the harbinger of disease, not the carrier.
Plague Beetle: No one knows whether they were named for the disease they carry or for the speed at which they multiply.
Plague Beetle: No one knows whether they were named for the diseases they carry or for the speed at which they multiply.
Plague Dogs: "They're not just retrievers, they're carriers."
Plague Fiend: As the strange plague ravaged Jamuraa, the fiends multiplied.
Plague Myr: They watch for a new master, one more sinister than the last.
Plague Rats: "Should you a Rat to madness tease / Why ev'n a Rat may plague you . . . ." / —Samuel Coleridge, "Recantation"
Plague Rats: "Should you a Rat to madness tease / Why ev'n a Rat may plague you. . ." / —Samuel Coleridge, "Recantation"
Plague Rats: "Should you a Rat to madness tease / Why ev'n a Rat may plague you..." / —Samuel Coleridge, "Recantation"
Plague Rats: During the dark times, the rats seemed to grow ever stronger.
Plague Sliver: A sliver shares everything with its hive—even its afflictions.
Plague Spores: "Breathe deep, Dominaria. Breathe deep and die." / —Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Plague Stinger: It leaves its victims one sting closer to phyresis.
Plague Wind: "The second wind of ascension is Reaver, slaying the unworthy." / —Keld Triumphant
Plague Witch: "I can ail what cures you."
Plaguebearer: Its respiration is your expiration.
Plagued Rusalka: "Look at her, once filled with innocence. Death has a way of wringing away such . . . deficiencies." / —Savra
Plaguemaw Beast: Phyrexia's spiral of consumption grows ever wider and darker.
Planar Birth: "From womb of nothingness sprang this place of beauty, purity, and hope realized." / —Song of All, canto 3
Planar Collapse: With heavy heart, Urza doused one world's light to rekindle another's.
Planar Despair: All of Dominaria recoiled as Yawgmoth and his retainers arrived.
Planar Gate: Nireya reached through the Gate, sensing the energies trapped beyond.
Planar Guide: "Every moment has its own savior."
Planar Overlay: The Phyrexians don't want to conquer Dominaria. They want to remake it.
Planar Portal: The sky split, and the air crackled and roiled. The Phyrexian invasion of Dominaria had finally begun.
Planar Portal: These devices have been known to pull entire worlds through the Æther.
Planar Void: "Planeswalking isn't about walking. It's about falling and screaming." / —Xantcha, Phyrexian outcast
Planeswalker's Favor: Freyalise strengthens her faithful.
Planeswalker's Mirth: "I enjoy a good joke as much as the next guy." / —Commodore Guff
Plasm Capture: "Everything serves a purpose. Even you." / —Vorel of the Hull Clade
Plasma Elemental: "I watched a ship sail right through it. I thought it was harmless . . . until I saw what it had done to the crew." / —Bruenna, Neurok leader
Plated Geopede: "Kor armorers buy the scales and claws. Elf oracles buy the rest." / —Nablus, North Hada trapper
Plated Geopede: It prefers a cooked meal, so it will eat you now and lava-bask later.
Plated Rootwalla: " . . . And the third little boar built his house out of rootwalla plates . . . ." / —Skyshroud children's story
Plated Seastrider: The Neurok buried entangling cables just under the Quicksilver Sea. One seastrider harvest can provide an army's worth of armor and shields.
Plated Slagwurm: Beneath the Tangle, the wurm tunnels stretch . . . wide as a stone's throw, long as forever, deep as you dare.
Plated Sliver: Overcoming extinction has only made the slivers more determined to live.
Plated Spider: Most spiders wait patiently for their prey to arrive. Most spiders aren't forty feet tall.
Plated Wurm: "I'd hate to see the bird that could get this wurm!" / —Alaborn soldier
Platinum Angel: In its heart lies the secret of immortality.
Platinum Angel: She is the apex of the artificer's craft, the spirit of the divine called out of base metal.
Platinum Emperion: It ignores such insignificant forces as time, entropy, and death.
Plea for Guidance: On Theros, the dove is a symbol not of peace but of discovery. Quick wings herald the arrival of a revelation.
Pledge of Loyalty: Urza convinced many Dominarians not only to set aside their differences, but to embrace them.
Plover Knights: The knights are a major attraction at every Lammastide festival. Teams of riders perform daring feats of flight to the delight of all below.
Plow Through Reito: The paths of the kami crisscrossed Kamigawa like scars left by a maddened surgeon.
Plow Under: To renew the land, plow the land. / To destroy the land, do nothing. / —Druids' saying
Plow Under: To renew the land, plow the land. To destroy the land, do nothing. / —Druids' saying
Plumeveil: "It was vast, a great sheet of soaring wings, and equally silent. It caught us unawares and blocked our view of the kithkin stronghold." / —Grensch, merrow cutthroat
Plummet: "Let nothing own the skies but the wind." / —Dejara, Giltwood druid
Plummet: "You are the grandest of all," said the archdruid to the trees. They became so proud of bark and branch that they suffered no creature to fly overhead or perch upon a bough.
Pointy Finger of Doom: "I would have made a ‘Spin-The-Bottle' joke if I thought anyone reading this had ever played the game." / —Bucky, flavor text writer
Poison Arrow: In ancient China, not wearing armor could be a fatal mistake. Guan Yu, Zhou Yu, Sun Ce, and other heros were struck by poison arrows.
Poison the Well: Wells that provide clean, unhaunted water are rare enough to be worth building an entire town around.
Poisonbelly Ogre: Some claim it's a failed Simic experiment, others say a Golgari creation. Both guilds deny all responsibility, while secretly studying its strange virulence.
Polar Kraken: "It was big. Really, really, big. No, bigger than that. It was big!" / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Polar Kraken: "It was big. Really, really, big. No, bigger than that. It was big!" / —Arna Kennerüd, skyknight
Political Trickery: "Politics is a game—move a stone here, move a stone there—except sometimes the stones bleed." / —Shauku, Endbringer
Polluted Bonds: The mystic bond between spellcasters and the land is just as vulnerable to attack as the casters themselves.
Polluted Dead: After the zombie attack, crops withered on the vine, and the thriving village became a ghost town almost overnight.
Polluted Delta: Where dragons once prevailed, their bones now sink.
Polymorph: "Ahh! Opposable digits!"
Polymorphist's Jest: "The flies were bothering me." / —Jalira, master polymorphist
Ponder: "We see the same sky as you, just through a different lens."
Ponder: Tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Pongify: Some spellcrafting mistakes go on to become spells of their own.
Pooling Venom: The land can only hold so much poison before it begins to bite back.
Porcelain Legionnaire: "My new design has lightweight plating specially cultivated from heretics' spare tissues." / —Izathel, priest of the Annex
Port Inspector: "There may be a few minor additional fees, levies, duties, surtaxes, tariffs, imposts, tolls . . . ."
Poultice Sliver: "Its broad claw suggests a chitinous shield, but in fact it conceals glands that secrete a remarkably swift healing agent." / —Rukarumel, field journal
Poultrygeist: Farmer Brown never ate eggs again.
Pouncing Jaguar: One pounce, she's hungry—you die quickly. Two, she's teaching her cubs—you're in for a long day.
Power Armor: "Great peril demands formidable weaponry." / —Urza
Power Conduit: Never content, vedalken artificers continually tinker with their creations.
Power Matrix: As he repaired the ship's planeswalking engine, Karn saw for the first time how he could catalyze the Weatherlight's evolution.
Power of Fire: The cinders believe their flame was stolen by one they call the Extinguisher. All who now wield fire draw their desperate wrath.
Powerleech: The Forest of Argoth has developed a resistance to mechanical intrusion.
Powerstone Minefield: "We have fought this far and lost too much. We will not turn back." / —Grizzlegom
Pradesh Gypsies: "A mysterious people indeed. Their origins are as secret as their traditions." / —Lord Magnus of Llanowar
Praetor's Counsel: As the Phyrexian contagion corroded Karn's body, the praetors whispered psalms to corrupt his mind.
Praetor's Grasp: Sheoldred weaves every thread of information into a noose to hang her enemies.
Prahv, Spires of Order: Prahv, where much work is done to make sure nothing is accomplished.
Precinct Captain: "In troubled times, we all need someone to watch our back."
Precognition: A gleam like struggling sunlight penetrated Selenia's dark thoughts.
Predator Dragon: Dragons make for spiteful gods.
Predator's Howl: "And Muzzio says my arguments have no teeth." / —Selvala, ranger of the Lowlands
Predator's Rapport: "Other guilds say the Gruul are savages, no better than the beasts we live with. I say we've found friends who won't stab us in the back." / —Domri Rade
Predator's Strike: If you hear it coming, you're not its prey.
Predator, Flagship: "The scourge of Skyshroud is airborne once more." / —Oracle en-Vec
Predatory Advantage: Those who forget their past are doomed to be eaten by it.
Predatory Focus: Instinct blood-tinted his world until he could see only one thing clearly: his prey.
Predatory Hunger: Hunger growls, never purrs.
Predatory Rampage: "It is the fate of the weak to fall." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Predatory Sliver: No matter how much the slivers change, their collective might remains.
Preeminent Captain: "If you need an example to lead others to the front lines, consider the precedent set."
Premature Burial: "This soil knows well the taste of the dead. Give it the hunger for a living meal, and it can become a deadly ally." / —Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Presence of Gond: "Here lies Gond, hero of Safehold Taldwen. May he ever guide our quest."
Presence of the Master: Peace to all. Peace be all. / —Great Hall floor inscription
Presence of the Wise: "Humbly I bow. Silently I wait. Deeply I listen."
Pretender's Claim: The surest way to lose your holdings is to plead for them in Mercadia City's courts.
Prey Upon: "You don't find many old werewolf hunters." / —Paulin, trapper of Somberwald
Price of Glory: "True strength lies in action. Let the weak react to me." / —Kamahl, pit fighter
Price of Progress: Man versus nature is not a fair fight.
Prickly Boggart: "Even without the spines, who would dare to touch it?" / —Desmera, perfect of Wren's Run
Pride Guardian: "Any hotheaded cub can raise a sword in anger."
Pride of Lions: There's only one thing worse than a hungry lion—many hungry lions.
Priest of Gix: "Gix doesn't want a people to rule but puppets to entertain his madness." / —Xantcha, Phyrexian outcast
Priest of Iroas: "Even my last breath will be a blow struck for Iroas."
Priest of Titania: Titania rewards all those who honor the forest by making them a living part of it.
Priest of Titania: Titania rewards all who honor the forest by making them a living part of it.
Priest of Urabrask: Even in New Phyrexia, red mana sparks glimmers of individualism, passion, and freedom.
Priests of Norn: "May our blessings sever the tongues of the forsaken." / —Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Primal Bellow: "A might spell can be handy against baloths, giants, kraken, the Roil—or if you lose your bearings in the woods." / —Chadir the Navigator
Primal Forcemage: Their calls unheeded by the withered forests, nature shamans channeled the life force of their brethren.
Primal Frenzy: "Don't dismiss its anger as mindless fury. I assure you, it has purpose." / —Seton, centaur druid
Primal Huntbeast: "To the unskilled, it appears as blurred patches of distorted light. Few have seen its true form." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Primal Order: "It's strange, but I can feel it when the land is corrupted. I understand why the Autumn Willow is so protective." / —Daria
Primal Order: "My sorrow: to dream of simple times, and wake in mine . . . ." / —Ola DaRiol, "Regrets"
Primal Plasma: Tocasia brushed the gears and cogs from the table. There, before two wide-eyed brothers, she began a lesson on raw elemental magic.
Primal Rage: "Charge!" A great cry went out, and countless elves and Vec soldiers charged up the mountain. Their fury and passion hid the fact that they were horribly outnumbered.
Primal Rage: Ferocity and cunning accounted for half the victory. Gravity accounted for the rest.
Primal Surge: With Avacyn's return, the flow of life became a tidal wave.
Primal Visitation: Gruul shamans believe all sentient beings have the soul of savagery inside them, an animal form clawing to escape.
Primalcrux: When nature is backed into a corner, just like its children, it lashes out.
Primeval Force: It has germinated in the earth for thousands of years. Finally it wakes to the battle's call.
Primeval Light: "Look to the old tomes, those bound in hides and written in yarberry ink. They hold the spells that can free us of the clutter of modern magecraft." / —Dravash, dowsing shaman
Primeval Shambler: His mind, like his body, is made up of the swamp's flotsam.
Primeval Titan: When nature calls, run.
Primitive Etchings: Ancient carvings in the trees of Krosa glow with power once again.
Primoc Escapee: Though a completely artificial species, primocs are a natural fit for the skies of Otaria.
Primordial Ooze: The thick, moving mass from the beginning of evolution swallows and digests the animate and inanimate as it unthinkingly strives to continue its existence.
Primordial Sage: For each creature that arrives in its audience, the sage imparts another piece of ancient wisdom for all to hear.
Prince of Thralls: "There are none alive that I cannot crush. There are none dead that I do not command."
Prismatic Boon: "How ironic that the greatest forge of civilization is battle." / —Mangara
Prismatic Lens: It bends not light but mana, aligning its chaotic currents into the sharp angles necessary for the mystic's purposes.
Prismatic Omen: In times of portent, the land sculpts itself in accordance with the sigils burned on the sky.
Prismatic Ward: "These, of all spells, must have common components I can isolate and use." —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Prismatic Wardrobe: "Spring in Dominaria means pastels!" / —Excerpt from Mage's Home Journal
Prismwake Merrow: "Seeing is believing" is a fact the merrows ruthlessly exploit in their dealings with the other residents of Shadowmoor.
Prison Term: Clear out the cell. Bring in the next prisoner.
Pristine Talisman: "Tools and artisans can be destroyed, but the act of creation is inviolate." / —Elspeth Tirel
Prized Unicorn: "The desire for its magic horn inspires such bloodthirsty greed that all who see the unicorn will kill to possess it." / —Dionus, elvish archdruid
Prodigal Pyromancer: "Learn to burn!" / —Institute of Arcane Studies motto
Prodigal Pyromancer: "What am I looking at? Ashes, dead man."
Prodigal Sorcerer Avatar: Ocassionally, members of the Institute of Arcane Study acquire a taste for worldy pleasures. Seldom do they have trouble finding employment.
Prodigal Sorcerer: He wastes his amazing talents on proving how amazing he really is.
Prodigal Sorcerer: Occasionally a member of the Institute of Arcane Study acquires a taste for worldly pleasures. Seldom do they have trouble finding employment.
Prodigal Sorcerer: Occasionally members of the Institute of Arcane Study acquire a taste for worldly pleasures. Seldom do they have trouble finding employment.
Prodigal Sorcerer: Occasionally, members of the Institute of Arcane Study acquire a taste for worldly pleasures. Seldom do they have trouble finding employment.
Profane Memento: "An angel's skull is left too plain by death. I made a few aesthetic modifications." / —Dommique, blood artist
Profane Prayers: "We have ways to make you talk, but you have nothing interesting to say."
Progenitus: The Soul of the World has returned.
Promise of Bunrei: "I am not afraid to die today nor afraid of what death will bring."
Propaganda: "The cost of your opposition will be extracted from your wits." / —Nekusar, the Mindrazer
Propaganda: "You've failed Gerrard. You've failed the Legacy. You've failed yourself. I can do no more." / —Volrath, to Karn
Proper Burial: Properly honored dead gain the peace of the grave and freedom from the call of the Ghost Quarter.
Prophet of Kruphix: "Time is fluid as a dance, and truth as fleeting."
Prophetic Flamespeaker: Fire to destroy. Fire to create.
Prophetic Prism: "The explorer who found it got a bad deal when he sold it. He merely got rich."
Prophetic Prism: To understand Ravnica, one must first understand how each guild contributes to its stability.
Prosperity: "Life can never be too good."
Prosperity: "True riches are found in the mazes of the mind." / —Tamiyo, the Moon Sage
Prosperity: "Wealth is a good thing, compared to poverty—your food is better, your robes are softer, and your companions have bathed more recently." / —Kipkemboi, Kukemssa pirate
Prosperity: "Wealth is a good thing, compared to poverty—your food is better, your robes are softer, and your companions have bathed more recently." / —Kukemssa pirate
Protean Hulk: "Meat and eggs. We eat!" / —Borborygmos
Protective Bubble: Skilled merrow rudders ensure their charges arrive on time and without incident.
Protomatter Powder: "There is no such thing as scrap metal. All such material can be repaired with the proper bonding agent." / —Quennus, metallurgeon
Provoke: "Never start a fight you can't finish." / —Padril, council guardian
Provoke: Mirri did not have time to think, only to react.
Prowess of the Fair: An elvish duel is a thing of beauty: the warriors' grace, the crash of steel, then the artful spray of blood.
Prowler's Helm: "The youths prattle on about heroic deeds, but avoiding the noose is a feat more daring than their entire careers." / —Basarios the Blade
Prowling Nightstalker: Silent as a serpent, twisted as a lone bog tree, evil as Tojira's heart.
Prowling Pangolin: It's always hungry, yet easily sated.
Psionic Entity: Creatures of the Æther are notorious for neglecting their own well-being.
Psionic Gift: For sale: Complete wizard's library. Rare scrolls, grimoires, and works of ancient spellcrafting! Slightly abridged.
Psionic Sliver: They evolved the ability to concentrate their neural activity into a single pulse, causing a disruptive but usually suicidal blast of psionic energy.
Psychic Barrier: "I tolerate Phyrexians because the dragon requires it. But I have no patience for uninvited guests." / —Tezzeret
Psychic Drain: "Gold can be reearned, goods restored. The moroii steal youth, more precious than either, and once gone, it's gone forever." / —Berta Suszat, civic healer
Psychic Membrane: The vedalken always put their best thought forward.
Psychic Miasma: "A mind may be steeled against madness, but all battlements fall in time." / —Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Psychic Possession: "You will do the thinking for the both of us!"
Psychic Spear: "The wizards of Takenuma Swamp faced the horrors of humanity every day. It's no wonder they fared so well against the kami." / —Observations of the Kami War
Psychic Spiral: An elocutor forces criminals to confess to the laws they merely intended to break.
Psychic Strike: Until more information could be gleaned about Niv-Mizzet's intentions, Lazav took every opportunity to stall his experiments.
Psychic Trance: The Riptide Project was perhaps the only school devoted to preventing the spread of knowledge.
Psychic Transfer: "The memory of your existence will fade like the final stars of morning." / —Kaervek
Psychic Vortex: "Tolaria floats upon a wheel of fortune." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Psychogenic Probe: The same devices sold as surgeons' tools in Lumengrid are sold as implements of torture in Mephidross.
Psychosis Crawler: "If that brain can't figure out the secret of the serum, then add more brains." / —Rhmir, Hand of the Augur
Psychotic Fury: "Rage, my servants. Our ancient power is renewed in blood." / —Rakdos
Pteron Ghost: Defending to the death isn't always enough.
Public Execution: Though the executioner did not speak, the villagers got the message.
Puffer Extract: The puffer's flesh is the deadliest in the sea—and therefore the most useful.
Pull Under: "Although nowhere on Kamigawa was safe during the war, the Takenuma Swamp was the most horrifying. The rotting bamboo itself rebelled against its mortal inhabitants, pulling them into unmarked graves." / —Observations of the Kami War
Pull from Eternity: It is best to conquer dragons before they hatch. / —Femeref adage
Pull from the Deep: Ideas, not stones, form the true foundation of Meletis.
Pulmonic Sliver: Like a great bellows it hisses, and its kin, both living and dead, are lifted to safety.
Pulse Tracker: "You can't think your way out of this, Jace. Thought implies life, and life requires a pulse—music to a hunter's ears." / —Vraska
Pulse Tracker: Pulse trackers terrorize adventurers, driving them through the jungle toward certain death at the gates of Malakir.
Pulse of Llanowar: "Gaea's memory is eternal, and she exists in all things." / —Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Pulse of the Dross: Before tyrants or torturers, there was evil.
Pulse of the Fields: Before religion or civilization, there was order.
Pulse of the Forge: Before wars or weapons, there was anger.
Pulse of the Grid: Before labs or lectures, there was insight.
Pulse of the Tangle: Before predators or prey, there was life.
Pulsemage Advocate: "Our unity revives our hopes."
Punctuate: "Ooh—right in the colon."
Puncture Blast: Gnarltrunk didn't remember having quite that many knotholes.
Puncture Bolt: Cinder pyromancers measure their success by counting their enemies' smoking holes.
Puncturing Light: "The vampires knew what was coming. I know it. And they did nothing. They deserve to feel the same agony they've caused all of us." / —Anitan, Ondu cleric
Punish Ignorance: "Amateurish. Nearsighted. A waste of my time and everyone else's." / —Indra, nullmage of Vectis
Punish the Enemy: "When justice descends, the servant will burn with the master." / —Aurelia
Puppet Conjurer: He scowls at his imperfect creation, then crushes it to scrap. He salvages the etherium and begins anew.
Puppet Strings: "Have no illusions," Volrath warned Greven, "about free will."
Puppet's Verdict: "What was heads again?" / —Mercadian magistrate
Puppeteer: "Getting people to do what you want is merely a matter of telling them what they want to hear."
Puppeteer: "That's the funny thing about free will. You don't feel any different without it." / —Ambassador Laquatus
Puresight Merrow: Stripped of his sight, he was free to see only the ideal.
Purge the Profane: The Orzhov hear the plans of the other guilds through the guilty thoughts of the disloyal.
Purge: For the first and last time, the horrific creature experienced terror.
Purify the Grave: Some priests speak in whispers of the Helvault, a silver prison of unpurged evils.
Purify: "Our Mother! The sky was Her hair; the sun, Her face. She danced on the grass and in the hills." / —Song of All, canto 23
Purify: "We have no need for these trinkets. We need only the strength of our swords and the virtue of our hearts." / —The Northern Paladin
Pursuit of Flight: "Watch the voltage. We don't need another charred, crashing viashino." / —Bori Andon, Izzet blastseeker
Put Away: Kithkin spellbottlers spend half their time preserving old memories and the other half punishing the new.
Putrefaction: "Do you want to be alive or whole?" / —Ta-Karnst, Cho-Arrim healer
Putrefy: "All matter, animate or not, rots when exposed to time. We merely speed up the process." / —Ezoc, Golgari rot farmer
Putrefy: "We are all decaying, always in a state of near-death. One moment without breath and we begin to break down." / —Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Putrid Leech: "The Golgari would say that life comes from death and death comes from life. But sometimes, death comes from the dead." / —Vraska
Putrid Leech: It reacted to Naya's overabundant food supply by growing additional mouths.
Putrid Raptor: It eagerly gobbles up bits of its own rotting flesh as they fall to the swampy ground.
Putrid Warrior: "I do not like it," said Grizzlegom, "but I will take every soldier I can get."
Pygmy Allosaurus: "I don't understand the appeal of keeping these things as pets, unless you want your children eaten." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Pygmy Giant: "487. You're welcome." / —Bucky, flavor text writer
Pygmy Kavu: "We could learn a lot by watching the little ones," said Agnate. / "Define ‘little,'" replied Grizzlegom.
Pygmy Pyrosaur: Do not judge a lizard by its size. / —Ghitu proverb
Pygmy Razorback: As a rite of passage, Kipamu youths taunt razorbacks with long sticks . . . then flee.
Pygmy Troll: "Who you callin' ‘shorty'?"
Pyknite: "Never cross a Pyknite, if you value your scalp." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Pyre Charger: His blade was forged over coals of moaning treefolk, curved at the optimum angle for severing heads, and heated to volcanic temperatures by his touch.
Pyretic Ritual: The Multiverse is filled with limitless power just waiting for someone to reach out and seize it.
Pyric Salamander: When you've been chased by a dragon, you run from every lizard. / —Suq'Ata saying
Pyrite Spellbomb: "Melt that which was never frozen." / —Spellbomb inscription
Pyroblast: "Just the thing for those pesky water mages." / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Pyroblast: "Just the thing for those pesky water mages." / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Pyroclasm: "Leaves more room for the big ones to fight in, you know." / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Pyroclasm: "When the air burns, only death breathes deep." / —Bogardan mage
Pyroclasm: "Who'd want to ignite things one at a time?" / —Chandra Nalaar
Pyroclasm: Chaos does not choose its enemies.
Pyroconvergence: "The Izzet are an equation that turns lunacy into explosions." / —Leonos, Azorius arbiter
Pyrokinesis: "Anybody want some . . . toast?" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Pyrokinesis: "Anybody want some . . . toast?" / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Pyromancer's Gauntlet: An inferno is just a gesture away.
Pyromancy: Who harnesses fire controls the world. / —Ghitu proverb
Pyrotechnics: "Hi! ni! ya! Behold the man of flint, that's me! / Four lightnings zigzag from me, strike and return." / —Navajo war chant
Pyrotechnics: "Hi! ni! ya! Behold the man of flint, that's me! / Four lightnings zigzag from me, strike and return." —Navajo war chant
Pyrotechnics: "Hi! ni! ya! Behold the man of flint, that's me!/ Four lightnings zigzag from me, strike and return." / —Navajo war chant
Pyrotechnics: "Hi!ni!ya! Behold the man of flint, that's me! / Four lightnings zigzag from me, strike and return." / —Navajo war chant
Pyrotechnics: "Who says lightning never strikes twice?" / —Storm shaman
Pyrrhic Revival: They found themselves alive again, still bearing their mortal wounds.
Python: "How can you claim the gods are merciless when they robbed the snake of its limbs to give the other creatures a sporting chance?" / —Hakim, Loreweaver
Python: What could it have swallowed to grow so large?
Qasali Ambusher: The surprise of a battle cry can be as deadly as a blade.
Qasali Pridemage: An elder in one pride, of the Sigiled caste in another.
Quag Sickness: The dread gases didn't kill Farbid. But as he lay in the muck, miserable and helpless, watching ghouls and rats advance on him, he wished they had.
Quagmire Druid: As the druids had devoted their lives to preserving Dominaria, so did they devote their deaths.
Quarum Trench Gnomes: "O Great Captain, all is lost. They tunneled, they burrowed, they trenched. They sapped the strength of our defenses." —Sorgus, Chronicles of the Quarum Plains
Quenchable Fire: You'd better know how to pray for rain.
Quest for the Goblin Lord: A shrine to unchecked desire.
Question Elemental?: "What the . . . ?"
Quick Sliver: The directors of the Riptide Project wanted instant results on the sliver experiments. They got their wish.
Quickchange: Most Ravnicans lead lives of desperate survival. Those who thrive are malleable enough to change with the ever-shifting politics of the guilds.
Quicken: A skilled Izzet chronarch can carry out an epic vendetta between the fall of one hourglass grain and the next.
Quicksand: Not all deaths are etched with mythic meaning and iconic glory.
Quicksilver Amulet: "Wonderful! You got a lion on your first try. Now put it back."
Quicksilver Amulet: Those who examine the amulet too closely have been known to become part of its ornate carvings.
Quicksilver Dagger: The dwarves call their quicksilver techniques "improvisational weaponsmithing."
Quicksilver Gargantuan: "You know you have achieved true power if the sea itself seeks to emulate your greatness." / —Vy Covalt, Neurok agent
Quicksilver Geyser: "Phyrexians are tenacious. That's not the same thing as clever." / —Tezzeret
Quicksilver Wall: "Ogg hit wall. Ogg no kill wall. Ogg hate wall!"
Quiet Disrepair: "Artifice has always stood upon nature's shoulders. Let us watch nature take a turn." / —Freyalise
Quiet Purity: "When the Kami of Utter Silence passes, walls lose their secrets. Scrolls lose their lessons. Tapestries lose their beauty. Where there was meaning, there is only stillness." / —Sensei Hisoka
Quiet Speculation: "The best foresight is hindsight." / —Empress Llawan
Quill-Slinger Boggart: "A good day in Goldmeadow is one in which I don't spend all evening picking quills out of my backside." / —Calydd, kithkin farmer
Quilled Slagwurm: Vorinclex removed its teeth so it wouldn't waste time chewing before moving to the next kill.
Quilled Sliver: "They have long kept us under attack, but we do not lack for ammunition. The very bodies of our foes arm us against them." / —Adom Capashen, Benalish hero
Quillspike: While it's true that a quillspike does heal the sick, it's just because it finds them tastier that way.
Quirion Druid: "The land has been gracious enough to let you tread upon her for years. That privilege is about to end." / —Liefellen, Quirion exarch
Quirion Dryad: "Never underestimate the ability of natural forces to adapt to unnatural influences." / —Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Quirion Explorer: Fight with a friend at your back, steel in your hands, and magic in your veins. / —Quirion creed
Quirion Ranger: "I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately." / —Henry David Thoreau, Walden
Quirion Ranger: "Respect the earth, for it will one day be your shield and another day your blanket." / —Liefellen, Quirion exarch
Quirion Sentinel: All elvenkind stood against Phyrexia. The Quirion nation deployed its most spiritual adepts, who wielded the power of their native soil.
Quirion Trailblazer: "All that matters is the path ahead."
Qumulox: Even the clouds bend themselves to Memnarch's will, eager to swallow those who oppose him.
R&D's Secret Lair: "Let them complain. As long as the addictive ink is working, we can do anything we want." / PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK
Rabid Elephant: When in doubt, stomp.
Rabid Rats: Every sentence in Volrath's prisons ends the same way.
Rabid Wolverines: Is there any other kind?
Racecourse Fury: Close finishes are settled by who can dismount and get to weapons first.
Rack and Ruin: "My people are bound by masters centuries dead. Each artifact we destroy is another link broken in that chain." / —Barb Tail, viashino heretic
Rackling: "This may hurt a little."
Radha, Heir to Keld: "Run home, cur. I've already taken your master's head. Don't make me thrash you with it."
Radiant Essence: "Her beauty was the beauty of the Sun at midday, deadly to those who underestimated her strength." / —Azeworai, "Kenechi's Dream"
Radiant Fountain: "All peoples treasure a place where the weary traveler may drink in peace." / —Ajani Goldmane
Radiant Kavu: When angered or frightened, it protects itself with a burst of blinding light.
Radjan Spirit: "Crawing, crawing, / For my crowse crawing, / I lost the best feather i' my wing / For my crowse crawing." / —Anonymous Scottish ballad
Rafiq of the Many: Many sigils, one purpose.
Rag Dealer: "After General Takeno found the Oathkeeper amidst the bamboo marshes, more scavengers braved the swamp's nezumi, oni, and kami in hopes of glory." / —The History of Kamigawa
Rag Man: "Aw, he's just a silly, dirty little man. What's to be afraid of?"
Rag Man: He hunts what might have been.
Ragamuffyn: They cut the stitches and give her sips of her brew. Then they sew her up again, and she's back to stirring.
Rage Extractor: New Phyrexia is an engine that both consumes and creates malice.
Rage Nimbus: The settlement knew there was something strange about the cloud when the old priest Mandli suddenly grabbed an axe and ran screaming into the hills.
Rage Reflection: Vengeance is a dish best served twice.
Rage Thrower: "Some lament these haunted times, but I'm a geistflame-tank-half-full kind of person."
Rage Weaver: "Let my passion spur your victory."
Rageblood Shaman: "I see a spark of pure rage. Soon that spark will spread from the depths of Kragma. Soon its fire will engulf the polis." / —Hira, street oracle
Raging Bull: "Sometimes the bulls win, and sometimes the bears win. But the bulls have more fun." —Anonymous
Raging Cougar: Mountaineers quickly learn to travel with their spears always pointed up.
Raging Goblin: Charging alone takes uncommon daring or uncommon stupidity. Or both.
Raging Goblin: Charging alone takes uncommong daring or uncommon stupidity. Or both.
Raging Goblin: He raged at the world, at his family, at his life. But mostly he just raged.
Raging Goblin: Volrath has bred them to fear only him. Are they charging into battle, or merely fleeing his wrath?
Raging Gorilla: "Every temper tantrum makes another angry gorilla." / —Femeref children's myth
Raging Kavu: It took Yavimaya a thousand years to breed them, but it took only seconds for them to prove their worth.
Raging Minotaur: The only thing worse than a minotaur with an axe is an angry minotaur with an axe.
Raging Poltergeist: Some tried cremating their dead to stop the ghoulcallers. But the dead returned, furious about their fate.
Raging Spirit: "Its burning power is more elusive than shade on the Unyaro Plains, more perilous than the horn of a rhino." / —Akin, seasoned askari
Ragnar: "On the field of honor, a soldier need have no fear."
Raid Bombardment: Goblins in the first wave of a fire raid always bemoan the aim of everyone else.
Raiders' Spoils: "To conquer is to eat." / —Edicts of Ilagra
Raiding Nightstalker: "Our steeds need food, water, stabling. Theirs just need prey." / —Restela, Alaborn marshal
Rain of Blades: Some say they are the weapons of heroes fallen in battle, eager for one last chance at glory.
Rain of Daggers: Knives in the sky, cries in the air, and blood on the ground.
Rain of Embers: There's plenty to talk about in the marketplaces of Ravnica, be it the latest feud between guilds or the terrible weather.
Rain of Filth: "When I say it rained, it was not small drops, but a thick, greasy drool pouring from the heavens." / —Urza, journal
Rain of Gore: "Stay indoors, away from what seeps over the thresholds. This is the Demon's work, and only ill can come of it." / —Belko, owner of Titan's Keg tavern
Rain of Rust: On Mirrodin, mages who call upon the power of rust are shunned by their people and often turn mercenary to survive.
Rain of Salt: Here, rain does not wash the land; it desiccates it.
Rain of Salt: It pelts the land with its fury, / spoiling what was once sweet.
Rain of Tears: "These rains cannot quench; they carve the land's face like a scalpel on flesh." / —Crovax
Rain of Tears: "When mortals die, they have family, friends, compatriots to mourn them. When the land dies, all else dies with it, and there is no one left to weep." / —Jacinth, Skyshroud ranger
Rain of Tears: Mercadian elitism is reinforced daily by physical position: their neighbors are literally beneath them and are treated accordingly.
Rain of Tears: When emotions rain down, what rivers will be born?
Rain of Thorns: When the forests became havens for evil, the archmages devised new ways to cleanse the wilds.
Rainbow Crow: Children claim no two feathers are exactly the same color, then eagerly gather them for proof.
Rainbow Efreet: "A beauty made more so by its fleeting visitations." / —Teferi
Rainbow Vale: In the feudal days of Icatia, finding the Rainbow Vale was often the goal of Knights' quests.
Rainbow Vale: In the feudal days of Icatia, finding the Rainbow Vale was often the goal of knights' quests.
Raise Dead: "Life from death is part of the natural cycle. This is merely a shortcut." / —Tojira, swamp queen
Raise Dead: The earth cannot hold that which magic commands.
Raise the Alarm: "The nim raid our homes without warning. We must defend our homes without hesitation."
Raise the Alarm: Like blinking or breathing, responding to an alarm is an involuntary reflex.
Raka Disciple: "The strong can also be subtle."
Rakalite: Urza was the first to understand that the war would not be lost for lack of power, but for lack of troops.
Rakdos Augermage: "Great minds bleed alike."
Rakdos Cackler: Devil-blades and dripping blood make music Rakdos never tires of hearing.
Rakdos Charm: "Let all feel joy in pain." / —Rakdos
Rakdos Cluestone: "Burn. Bleed. Enjoy." / —Cluestone inscription
Rakdos Drake: Rakdos rioters paint their faces to resemble the drakes' bloodied muzzles.
Rakdos Guildgate: Enter and indulge your darkest fantasies, for you may never pass this way again.
Rakdos Guildgate: Maze-runners who pass through the Rakdos gate leave behind their scruples and a significant amount of skin.
Rakdos Ickspitter: "Our thrulls dissolve from the inside out in a matter of days. Shoddy work, but they're a scream while they last." / —Uzric, Rakdos guildmage
Rakdos Keyrune: The Rakdos use it for everything you can think of and plenty more than that.
Rakdos Ragemutt: Ragemutts pull the chariots of the Butcher Clowns, a trio of wingless, zombified faeries formerly of the Izzet.
Rakdos Shred-Freak: "If there were such a thing as a soul, I think it would be behind the gallbladder but above the kidneys."
Rakdos Signet: Made of bone and boiled in blood, a Rakdos signet is not considered finished until it has been used as a murder weapon.
Rakdos's Return: When Lord Rakdos stirred from his slumber, everyone else's nightmare began.
Rakeclaw Gargantuan: Naya teems with gargantuans, titanic monsters to whom both nature and civilization defer.
Raking Canopy: "Raven's Run has awoken, and ravens will no longer cry in its branches." / —Roon Ghastbark
Rakish Heir: "If you're not having fun, what's the point of living forever?"
Rakka Mar: "The finest pawns are those with pawns of their own." / —Nicol Bolas
Raksha Golden Cub Avatar: 5DN Prize Avatar
Raksha Golden Cub: Some believe that Raksha, youngest of the kha, is the reincarnation of Dakan, the first and mightiest of leonin leaders.
Rakshasa Deathdealer: "Death fills me and makes me strong. You, it will reduce to nothing."
Rakshasa Vizier: Rakshasa offer deals that sound advantageous to those who forget who they are dealing with.
Rakshasa's Secret: The voice of a rakshasa is soft, its breath sweet. But every word is the murmur of madness.
Rally the Forces: "Drive them back! Make their underworld into their grave!" / —Koth of the Hammer
Rally the Peasants: "If you must go out at night, bring a mob." / —Master of the Elgaud Cathars
Rally the Righteous: Yuri took up the ragged Boros banner, and his brethren, inspired by the act, followed him back into the fight.
Rally: "Stand your ground, troops! This shall be our finest hour!" / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox, last words
Ramirez DePietro: Ramirez DePietro is a most flamboyant pirate. Be careful not to believe his tall tales, especially when you ask his age.
Ramosian Captain: The Cho-Arrim believe in leading by example.
Ramosian Commander: "Cho-Manno guides your spirit. I guide your sword."
Ramosian Lieutenant: "Give me your hand and I will give you victory."
Ramosian Revivalist: The Ramosian tradition is alive, but its namesake has long since been forgotten.
Ramosian Sergeant: Her commands are part rallying cry, part sermon, and wholly undeniable.
Ramosian Sky Marshal: The Cho-Arrim fell from the sky onto Mercadia City like a vengeful rain.
Rampaging Baloths: "When the land is angry, so are they." / —Nissa Revane
Rampaging Werewolf: "Just look at him, groveling on all fours! What a pathetic—uh-oh."
Rampant Elephant: No matter how righteous the cause, it helps to bring along some muscle.
Rampant Growth: "I've never heard growth before." / —Gowon, Femeref herder
Rampant Growth: Nature grows solutions to her problems.
Rampant Growth: Nature grows solutions to its problems.
Rampant Growth: Rath forces plants from its surface as one presses whey from cheese.
Rampart Crawler: "Not even the magistrate in his lofty tower is out of our reach." / —Cateran overlord
Rancor: Hatred outlives the hateful.
Ranger en-Vec: "The path of least resistance will seldom lead you beyond your doorstep." / —Oracle en-Vec
Ranger of Eos: At his side, humble beasts become weapons more deadly than sharpened steel.
Ranger's Guile: "You don't survive in the wild by standing in plain sight." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Ranger's Guile: In the remote corners of Kessig, protection is found in secret powers unknown to the Church of Avacyn.
Ranger's Path: The forest can seem like a dense maze. Those who travel the canopy know otherwise.
Rank and File: "Left, right, left, right . . . hmm. Okay—left, left, left, left, . . ."
Rapid Decay: The grave robbers arrived the day after the burial. They were a day too late.
Rapid Hybridization: "We've merged your life essence with that of several creatures at once. You're welcome." / —Speaker Trifon
Rare-B-Gone: The only rare you'll ever need. Okay, not really.
Rashida Scalebane: It is not by the blood of dragons that Rashida measures victories, but by the sum of children who no longer wake from nightmares of scales and fire.
Rashka the Slayer: "Rarely be the prey so haughty as to hunt the hunter." / —Baron Sengir
Ratcatcher: An ogre's poisonous stench is like fine Kashkaval cheese to the noses lowest to the ground.
Rathi Dragon: Wrap the flame as twine / Kingdoms will be thine.
Rathi Trapper: Tangling vines, fetid murk, paralyzing poisons, and crawling dead. The swamp is nature's trap waiting to be exploited by unnatural minds.
Rats of Rath: "These creatures offer new challenges in the scrutiny of entrails." / —Oracle en-Vec
Rats' Feast: "That does it—I quit" / —Cabal grave robber
Ravages of War: "Thorn bushes spring up wherever the army has passed. Lean years follow in the wake of a great war." / —Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, trans. Feng and English
Ravages of War: "Thorn bushes spring up wherever the army has passed. Lean years follow in the wake of a great war." —Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching (trans. Feng and English)
Ravaging Horde: Upon his return to the capitol after taking soldiers to loot a nearby peaceful town, the prime minister, Dong Zhou, boasted of it as a victory over bandits.
Raven Guild Initiate: The Raven Guild soars on winds of unease.
Raven's Crime: It plucks away memories like choice bits of carrion.
Raven's Run Dragoon: "I have a gift. The ability to sense encroaching darkness has saved many lives. And yet constantly feeling the force of so much ugliness is a terrible burden."
Ravenous Baboons: Build something and the baboons will tear it down. Leave the pieces lying and they will scatter them.
Ravenous Baloth: "All we know about the Krosan Forest we have learned from those few who made it out alive." / —Elvish refugee
Ravenous Demon: His twisted words entice the weak.
Ravenous Leucrocota: Hunger makes a leucrocota dangerous. A full belly makes it angry and dangerous.
Ravenous Rats: "For all the priceless tomes they have destroyed, one would think they would taste better." / —Davvol, Evincar of Rath
Ravenous Rats: Devouring books is only the beginning. The librarian's next.
Ravenous Rats: Nothing is sacred to rats. Everything is simply another meal.
Ravenous Rats: Nothing is sacred to the rats. Everything is simply another meal.
Ravenous Skirge: Hunger is a kind of madness—and here, all madness flourishes.
Ravenous Vampire: Eternal life brings eternal hunger.
Ray of Command: "Heel."
Ray of Dissolution: The works of one god last only as long as the patience of another.
Ray of Erasure: "What is real can be unreal." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Ray of Revelation: "May angels carry him into the Blessed Sleep with dreams of sunlit days and moonless nights." / —Tomb inscription of Saint Raban
Ray of Revelation: Webs of illusion unravel in the light of truth.
Raze: The viashino believe that the oldest mountains hate everyone equally.
Razia's Purification: Only the chosen ones are spared.
Razia, Boros Archangel: Her sword burns with such brightness that foes avert their eyes and arrows divert their paths.
Razor Barrier: "We protect our homelands. Why should they not protect us?"
Razor Boomerang: Few can catch it without losing a finger.
Razor Golem: The longer it stands among the deadly blades of the Razor Fields, the more it adopts their harsh exterior.
Razor Hippogriff: She incubates her eggs in gold and mana.
Razor Pendulum: "Amazing thing, gravity. It seems to work every time." / —Telim'Tor
Razor Swine: "They aren't helping the forges. Send them to the surface." / —Furnace boss, sector 12
Razorclaw Bear: One razorclaw is three bears too many. / —Elvish saying
Razorfield Rhino: Adapted to tread on razorgrass, the rhino proved adept at treading on Phyrexians as well.
Razorfield Thresher: DANGER! Keep appendages clear of front of machine. And rear of machine. And side of machine. And top of machine.
Razorfin Abolisher: Once you have been marked by the merrow, you are not long for their waters.
Razorfin Hunter: No one knew if they'd been lurking under the sea all along, or if they'd been created by the Phyrexian overlay.
Razorfoot Griffin: "Do griffins fight to defend their homes or purely for sport?" / —Sisay
Razorfoot Griffin: Like a meteor, it strikes from above without warning. Unlike a meteor, it then carries you off and eats you.
Razorgrass Screen: Hand-stitched, and marked by the blood of the Auriok.
Razorjaw Oni: It gnashed its teeth, and the battlefield filled with the screech of blade striking blade.
Razortip Whip: "It no longer surprises me what shows up in our raid of a Rakdos revue." / —Janik Bara, Wojek captain
Razortooth Rats: "Men and rats both hunger: we for our playthings; they, for us." / —Crovax
Razortooth Rats: "Men and rats both hunger: we for our playthings; they, for us." / —Crovax, ascendant evincar
Razortooth Rats: They'll chew through armor, flesh, and bone. They'll even chew through each other if they're hungry enough.
Razorverge Thicket: Where the Razor Fields beat back the Tangle, the crowded thicket yields to bright scimitars of grass.
Reach Through Mists: "Know one part of the name, obsession begins. Know two parts, paranoia sets in. Know three parts, madness descends. Know all, and only the kami know what will become of you." / —Lady Azami
Reach of Branches: Growth has no limits.
Read the Bones: The dead know lessons the living haven't learned.
Read the Runes: "The world is a puzzle, and the mind is its key."
Reality Anchor: "See how you like it." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Reality Ripple: "Can you prepare for the unexpected? No, you cannot. You can prepare only to be surprised." / —Teferi
Reality Spasm: From the moment the first Eldrazi spawn squirmed free, everything on Zendikar took on an adjusted meaning, a new slant toward or away from the waking giants.
Reality Twist: "Nothing is as it seems." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Realm Razer: The behemoth roared, and the world was blasted free of empires and tyrants.
Realms Befitting My Majesty: "Look around you. All you behold is mine to rule. It's the natural way."
Realmwright: There is not a single inch of Ravnica that hasn't been altered at one point or another to fit someone's whims.
Reanimate: "You will learn to earn death." / —Volrath
Reap What Is Sown: The strength of the people comes from the land. And the bounty of the land comes from Karametra.
Reap the Seagraf: The wreck hung on the jagged reef, each night disgorging more of its gruesome cargo.
Reap: "Let Volrath choke on his crop of hatred." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Reaper King Avatar: SHM Prize Avatar
Reaper King: It's harvest time.
Reaper from the Abyss: "Avacyn has deserted you. I welcome your devotion in her stead."
Reassembling Skeleton: "They may show up with the wrong thigh bone or mandible, but they always show up." / —Zul Ashur, lich lord
Reassembling Skeleton: Though you may see the same bones, you'll never see the same skeleton twice.
Rebel Informer: The problem with mercenaries is that if you can buy their loyalty, others can too.
Reborn Hope: "In darkness is kindled the fiercest hope." / —Hadran, sunseeder of Naya
Rebound: Insult, like an arrow, is beyond control once loosed.
Rebuff the Wicked: "I cannot teach you their brand of magic, but I can teach you how to defend against it." / —Tavalus, priest of Korlis
Rebuke: "No one chooses to be stitched together into a skaab. If it could speak, it would beg for its own destruction." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Rebuking Ceremony: From the Radix at the hub of the Tangle all the way out to the Edges of Forgetting, a Viridian elf's life is built around the temporary.
Reciprocate: "Just as the noble soul calls virtue to itself, the evil soul summons harm." / —Teachings of Eight-and-a-Half-Tails
Reckless Abandon: The climax of a warlord's career is always death.
Reckless Assault: "How will you fight an enemy that cares nothing for itself?" / —The Blind Seer
Reckless Brute: His mind knows no fear, registering only the burning impulse to destroy.
Reckless Embermage: Many mages have been consumed by their work.
Reckless Embermage: Those who play with fire are bound to get burned.
Reckless Ogre: There is no such thing as a regiment of ogres.
Reckless One: "Release chaos with me!"
Reckless One: "Release chaos with me"
Reckless Reveler: "The gods of Theros are born of the expectations and beliefs of mortals. If I have found godhood, what does that say about their true desires?" / —Xenagos, god of revels
Reckless Scholar: "Any good prospector must sift the gold from the sand."
Reckless Spite: "Death is such an exquisite sensation." / —Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Reckless Spite: "My plan's elegance leads my enemies to believe it is spite that fuels me." / —Volrath
Reckless Spite: "The end is justified in being mean. Or something like that."
Reckless Waif: "Yes, I'm alone. No, I'm not worried."
Reckless Wurm: Bred for battle in the Grand Coliseum, these wurms annihilated whole ecosystems when released into the wild.
Reclaim: The wise pay as much attention to what they throw away as to what they keep.
Reclamation Sage: "What was once formed by masons, shaped by smiths, or given life by mages, I will return to the embrace of the earth."
Reclamation: "We shall oppose Lim-Dûl and his forces by any means necessary, even if the very earth be torn asunder." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Reclusive Wight: There are places so horrible that even the dead hide their faces.
Recoil: Anything sent into a plagued world is bound to come back infected.
Recollect: "The bones of the past will tell their tales—if you know how to speak their language." / —Savra
Reconnaissance: War favors the informed.
Reconstruction: Tedious research made the Sages of the College of Lat-Nam adept in repairing broken artifacts.
Recover: As Barrin exhumed his daughter's body, he finally realized the full price of his faith in Urza.
Recumbent Bliss: Kithkin somnomancers enjoy the peaceful dreams wafting from their victims.
Recuperate: "Rise once more, so you may continue to destroy our enemies." / —Karona, false god
Recurring Nightmare: "I am confined by sleep and defined by nightmare." / —Crovax
Red Cliffs Armada: By the battle of Red Cliffs in the year 208, the Wu kingdom controlled more than 7,000 warships on the Yangtze.
Red Cliffs Armada: By the battle of Red Cliffs in the year 208, the Wu kingdom controlled more than seven thousand warships on the Yangtze.
Red-Hot Hottie: She was winning the Dominarian "Are You Hot?" competition until disaster struck during the wet T-shirt round.
Redeem: "Let me redeem my brothers both from death." / —William Shakespeare, Titus Andronicus
Redeem: "That they are saved from death is immaterial. What is important is that they know the source of their benefaction." / —Radiant, archangel
Redirect: "It's actually quite simple, but since you've only recently begun to walk upright, it may take some time to explain." / —Jace Beleren, to Garruk Wildspeaker
Redirect: "Your strategy is marvelous. I've just made a few minor adjustments." / —Veris, watcher of Indi Keep
Reduce to Dreams: "This world is a dream. We cling to our toys like children, but sooner or later we must learn to live without them." / —Sensei Hisoka
Redwood Treefolk: "In the heart of Llanowar the magic is so strong that trees cannot stay rooted." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Redwood Treefolk: And would you strip the bark from a treefolk? / —Elvish expression meaning / "Are you crazy?"
Redwood Treefolk: The soldiers chopped and chopped, and still the great tree stood, frowning down at them.
Reef Pirates: "Corpses for crew don't sit well with me. Zeki and his dead ship had best keep their distance." / —Joskun, An-Havva Constable
Reef Pirates: "Zeki sails with a dead crew not out of villainy, but pragmatism." / —Baron Sengir
Reef Pirates: Relentless as the tides, souls dark as a moonless night. Bloodshed on their minds, and greed burning in their hearts like molten gold.
Reef Shaman: With one gesture, she can render a thousand years of navigational charts obsolete.
Reflect Damage: From you to me, so me to you. / —Femeref children's taunt
Reflecting Pool: "The reflection of land interests me far more than its reality." / —Volrath
Reflecting Pool: Does it reflect the future that once was or the past that can never be?
Reflex Sliver: "This sliver comes into the world a perfect predator. It's ready to hunt and devour its first meal within seconds of hatching." / —Rukarumel, field journal
Reflexes: "Be as fast as lightning, and you will be just as deadly." / —Combat trainer
Reflexes: "Here's how ya win. Don't let the other guy hit back first." / —Jula, goblin raider
Reforge the Soul: In a wave of spells called the Cursemute, Avacyn cleansed the world with divine fire.
Refresh: Death is a moth that dances toward our inner flame. The brightest fire can singe its wings. / —Nantuko teaching
Regal Force: It rarely moves, standing stock still in its clearing. When it does stir, ravens stop their cawing and crickets their chirping. All of nature watches in awed silence.
Regal Unicorn: Unicorns don't care if you believe in them any more than you care if they believe in you.
Regathan Firecat: It stalks the Regathan highlands, leaving behind melted snow, scorched earth, and the charred corpses of would-be temple robbers.
Regenerate: "This wound shall be like the chills of winter: swiftly forgotten when spring shoots rise."
Regeneration: "A touch of vine sap in the blood, and the flesh knits as quickly as new roots twining." / —Freyalise
Regeneration: "Death is not a debt I am yet willing to pay." / —Purraj of Urborg
Regeneration: "Faith in Freyalise has given me the gift, not the curse, of unprecedented longevity." / —Laina of the Elvish Council
Regeneration: "Why should death always have the last word?" / —Llanowar druid
Regress: "Never look too deep, where the waters turn dark. What the sea has hidden there may not stay down forever." / —Jaby, Silundi Sea nomad
Regress: "Once cast, a spell can be undone. But once revealed, a secret can never again be kept." / —Pontifex, elder researcher
Regrowth: While the root remains, the tree yet lives.
Reign of Chaos: "The Burning Isles are the home to a dozen lords who claim dominion. Jamuraa will look to only one leader: me." / —Kaervek
Reign of Terror: "I don't know what takes them; they die around me without time to scream." / —Scout Ekemet, final journal
Reincarnation: "You cannot imagine what eyes you may look through tomorrow." / —Aerona, elder druid
Reinforced Bulwark: Built of wood and iron. Held together by hope and prayer.
Reinforcements: "Let them send their legions I will show them that my truth is stronger than their swords." / —General Varchild
Reinforcements: "Let them send their legions! I will show them that my truth is stronger than their swords." / —General Varchild
Reinforcements: "We aided the Balduvians once before. They need but ask and we shall do so again." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Reiterate: "Echoes of the Mirari's power yet linger." / —Zyd, Kamahlite druid
Reito Lantern: Lanterns carved from the mystic stones of the Reito Mines were said to light the way of lost souls.
Reki, the History of Kamigawa: "After his death, monks spent ten years transcribing the tattoos from Reki's body and gathering stories from those who spoke with him. Thus the volume you hold was written." / —The History of Kamigawa
Reknit: "An axe may break upon a ribbon if the ribbon's will is the stronger." / —Awylla, elvish safewright
Relearn: "Barrin taught me that the hardest lessons to grasp are the ones you've already learned." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Relearn: The hardest lessons to grasp are the ones you've already learned.
Relentless Assault: "Flog and Squee / Up the tree / See the army / Flee, flee, flee." / —Goblin nursery rhyme/war cry
Relentless Assault: "Mercy? Mercy is for the playground, not the battleground."
Relentless Assault: With only 70,000 men under his command at the battle of Guandu, Cao Cao was able to defeat Yuan Shao and his 700,000.
Relic Bane: A sword that has seen cowardice in battle exacts the price of honor from its wielder.
Relic Barrier: Its transmissions are the word of Memnarch. It speaks, and metal bows.
Relic Crush: There are many ruins, but there used to be many more.
Relic Putrescence: "Until we shed the curse of sentience, we must endure its grotesque handiwork." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Relic Ward: Asmira's prayers alone should have freed Mangara from the amber prison . . .
Relic of Progenitus: Elves believe the hydra-god Progenitus sleeps beneath Naya, feeding on forgotten magics.
Reliquary Monk: A thing of Serra's realm exists only by the grace of her followers' faith.
Reliquary Tower: Once guarded by the Knights of the Reliquary, the tower stands now protected only by its own remoteness, its dusty treasures open to plunder by anyone.
Reliquary Tower: When the aven scouts located the tower in Esper, the Knights of the Reliquary set off on a righteous crusade to recover their lost treasures.
Remand: "Well, at least all of that arm-waving and arcane babbling you did was impressive."
Remand: For the Azorius, the law can be a physical shield against chaos and anarchy.
Remand: Well, at least all of that arm-waving and arcane babbling you did was impressive.
Remedy: "These things will protect you while I'm gone, remind you of my love for you." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Remember the Fallen: When the Mirrans had fallen, Planeswalkers carried the burden of remembrance.
Reminisce: "Leave the door to the past even slightly ajar and it could be blown off its hinges."
Reminisce: Leave the door to the past even slightly ajar and it could be blown off its hinges.
Remodel: 6 PM (23) This Old Grove 98055 / A rusted masticore makes a beautiful addition to any garden.
Remove Soul: Nethya stiffened suddenly, head cocked as if straining to hear some distant sound, then fell lifeless to the ground.
Remove Soul: Nethya stiffened suddenly, head cocked as if straining to hear some distant sound, then felt lifeless to the ground.
Remove Soul: When your enemies are denied soldiers, they are denied victory.
Rend Flesh: "The Reito Massacre was a testament to the kami's unstoppable power. The human defenders might as well have been moths battling a forest fire." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Rend Spirit: "The battle at Ganzan Pass was a testament to human endurance. The untrained and frightened group escaped three legions of kami, leaving more than their share of slain foes in their wake." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Render Silent: "We have confiscated your spells as evidence. Once we conclude our investigation, you may petition to have them returned."
Renegade Demon: "Have you ever cornered a wounded vampire? That's a walk in the cathedral garden in comparison." / —Tristen, Cathar Marshal
Renegade Doppelganger: To truly know a creature, slither a mile in its tentacles.
Renegade Troops: "Across the land rebellions seethed and swarmed / As vicious war lords swooped down on all sides."
Renegade Warlord: "His tongue must be honey, the way he gathers ants to fight with him." / —Volrath
Renewing Dawn: Dawn brings a new day, and a new day brings hope.
Renewing Touch: Death just encourages life the more.
Renounce the Guilds: "Scores will die in the name of peace. That is what you call compromise?" / —Gideon Jura, to Aurelia
Renounce: Gerrard offered no defense to Orim's condemnation; the mission was under his command, and he was responsible.
Renowned Weaver: "You think your weaving as beautiful as mine? Let me show you the true meaning of the craft."
Reparations: "Sorry I burned down your village. Here's some gold."
Repay in Kind: Sorin has gathered grudges for centuries, patiently awaiting the day he can exact the perfect vengeance.
Repeal: "Your deed cannot be undone. You, however, can be." / —Agosto, Azorius imperator
Repel the Darkness: A boon to those who cannot see in the dark. A bane to those who live in it.
Repel: "I have a hunch we'll be seeing that one again soon." / —Ambassador Laquatus
Repentance: "The cannon wasn't aimed at you!" pleaded Vhati. / "I'm not sure which is more pathetic," replied Greven, "your judgment or your aim."
Repentant Blacksmith: "For my confession they burned me with fire / And found that I was for endurance made." / —The Arabian Nights, / trans. Haddawy
Repentant Blacksmith: "For my confession they burned me with fire / And found that I was for endurance made." / —The Arabian Nights, trans. Haddawy
Repentant Blacksmith: "For my confession they burned me with fire And found that I was for endurance made." —The Arabian Nights, trans. Haddawy
Repercussion: Not all Keld's warriors are found on the battlefield.
Replenish: Treasures, trinkets, trash—the relics of the past are brought forth again.
Reprisal: "A tiny flame is enough to dispel the night." / —Elspeth
Reprisal: "Fear this no more!"
Reprisal: "Fear this no more"
Reprisal: "Kjeldor's borders are secure, and its citizens are prepared to take up arms in defense of their families." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Reprisal: "The meek shall fight as one, and they shall overcome even the greatest of foes." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Reprisal: "The meek shall fight as one, and they shall overcome even the greatest of foes." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Reprisal: "The meek shall fight as one, and they shall overcome even the greatest of foes." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran priest
Reprocess: Everything will find its use in Phyrexia. Eventually.
Reprocess: The battle's end is the meal's beginning.
Repulse: "You aren't invited."
Requiem Angel: When angels despair, what hope can remain for mortals?
Reroute: Three hundred years of practice thwarted by an instant of mischief.
Rescue: "Urza, I've discovered more promising students than you and my husband have, combined. And I haven't lost a single one." / —Rayne, Academy Chancellor
Research Assistant: There are many words and phrases that can cause an experienced wizard to tremble in fear. Chief among them is "oops."
Reshape: "Today's paperweight, tomorrow's leveler." / —Bruenna, Neurok leader
Resilient Wanderer: Nomads understand many cultures and therefore travel without fear.
Resistance Fighter: "My soldiers fought without hesitation, died without doubt." / —Sidar Jabari
Resolute Archangel: Cut it down, bury it in snow, put it to the torch. The rose will still bloom again.
Respite: "If they board us we're finished," warned Orim. Crovax nodded. "And if they don't . . . what then?"
Resplendent Mentor: Thoughtweft gives new meaning to the phrase "common knowledge."
Rest for the Weary: Zendikar is a brutal taskmaster, but sometimes it offers unexpected solace.
Rest in Peace: Some corpses the Golgari cannot claim. Some souls the Orzhov cannot shackle.
Restless Bones: "We mourn our dead. We shroud our dead. We bury our dead. Too often, it seems, we must kill our dead again." / —Grazda, veteran armorer
Restless Dead: The rich's heirs often thank them after death . . . but preferably not in person. / —Suq'Ata epigram
Restless Dreams: Braids dreams of dark rebirth.
Restock: "We hid such stockpiles all over Rath. We should continue that practice here." / —Lin Sivvi
Restock: What looked like a retreat was actually a replenishing.
Restore the Peace: "You can always count on the Azorius to ruin a party." / —Massacre Girl
Restore: "See, the land itself raises an altar to the ascendancy of nature." / —Mayael the Anima
Restrain: "Hanna would give up her own life before she'd abandon the Weatherlight." / —Sisay
Resurrection: "Think of this new life not as a gift from the angels but as a command to fight for their cause once more." —War blessing of Serra
Resuscitate: "It is the art of convincing someone to live." / —Orim, Samite healer
Retaliate: The Auriok learned perseverance from their forebears. They learned justice from the leonin.
Retaliation: A foul, metallic stench clogged Urza's senses. It was then he knew his brother was no more.
Retaliator Griffin: For every eye, an eye. For every tooth, a tooth. Griffins are nothing if not fair.
Retether: The rifts reach into infinite time streams, bringing the divergent products of alternate pasts into the present.
Rethink: "Are you sure you want to do that?"
Retraced Image: An army from a soldier, a flock from a bird, a school from a fish . . . a profit from an atrocity.
Retract: "Secrets are meant to remain secret." / —Memnarch
Retraction Helix: Where the geometries of the world collapse, a master of the Æther can harvest power beyond comprehending.
Retribution of the Ancients: Abzan ancestors died to protect their Houses, and they protect them still.
Retribution of the Meek: "Tread upon the meek, and they shall wound your feet and make you crawl." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Retromancer: "If one harm us, strike them in return. So sayeth the bey."
Return to Battle: "Swallowing his eye, the valiant Xiahou Dun fought on; / But Cao Cao's vanguard, its commander wounded, could not hold out for long."
Return to Dust: Some timelines forever fray, branch, and intermingle. Others end abruptly.
Returned Centaur: Driven away by his living kin, he wanders mourning through the wilderness, seeking the dead city of Asphodel.
Returned Phalanx: They lived in different nations and fought in different eras, but as the Returned, they link arms as one.
Returned Reveler: The flesh is dead and the life forgotten, but old habits persist.
Reveille Squad: "To arms! To arms! The Lion roars!"
Reveka, Wizard Savant: "It's nice to see a sister Dwarf in a position of such power, but why'd it have to be one of those seafaring muleheads?" / —Halina, Dwarven Trader
Revel of the Fallen God: "Xenagos has fallen, and the world grows dark without him. What can ever fill that darkness but our rage?" / —Guruthes, disciple of Xenagos
Revelation: "Many are in high place, and of renown: but mysteries are revealed unto the meek." —Ecclesiastes 3:19
Revelation: "Many are in high place, and of renown: but mysteries are revealed unto the meek." —Ecclesiasticus 3:19
Revelsong Horn: A deflated sigh breathed into the horn emerges as an inspiring melody.
Revenant Patriarch: "The Golgari raise the bodies of their dead to serve. We raise the spirits of our dead to lead."
Revenant: "Not again." / —Hans
Revenant: It eats death and drinks pain.
Reverberate: "I'm not indecisive. I just don't like to limit my options." / —Maxti, pyromancer
Reverberate: "Not bad, but I can think of a better use for that."
Reverberate: For every action, there is a swifter and more violent reaction.
Revered Dead: "The mists coalesced into silent warriors. We charged them and broke through their lines, only to see them swirl and re-form behind us." / —Golas Mahr, black knight
Revered Elder: The Cho-Arrim worship life and revere those who've experienced it longest.
Revered Unicorn: "I felt unworthy even to dream of it." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Reverence: "Despite the massive forces that allied against him, Konda never once believed he would lose the Kami War." / —Masako the Humorless
Reversal of Fortune: "Why learn hundreds of spells when you can learn only one and use it to steal hundreds?"
Reverse Damage: "My enemy's hatred is his weakness. My enemy's anger is my strength." / —Remin, venerable monk
Reverse Damage: "Weapons usually bring death. Today, mine will bring life."
Reverse the Sands: Worse than the years of aging was the burden of memory. The young monk lost his youth and gained a vicarious lifetime of hardship and woe.
Revive: Even what is lost beyond recall returns when coaxed by a dryad's hand.
Revive: Gerrard's heart ached, recalling the living wreath Mirri laid for her dead kin. No such memorial was left for her in Rath.
Reviving Dose: As healers battled each plague, they learned more about the next.
Reviving Dose: Samite healers never mix their pungent elixir with sweetener or tea. The threat of a second dose is enough to get most warriors back on their feet.
Reviving Melody: "Listen to my song, and you need never forge a golden mask to return to me."
Revoke Existence: "No half measures, no regrets. We'll tell no stories of this day. It will be as if it never existed at all." / —Ganedor, loxodon mystic
Revoke Existence: "There will come a time when the gods will look at mortals and shudder." / —Uremides the philosopher
Reward the Faithful: "When you have drunk your fill, pass the cup to others who thirst."
Rewards of Diversity: "Everything is in place. Nothing can happen that isn't part of my plan." / —Urza
Rewind: "Let's go over this one more time. . . ."
Rewind: "The best denials are simply that: a beginning and end unchanged, a dream with no memory."
Rewind: "Time flows like a river. In Tolaria we practice the art of building dams." / —Barrin, master wizard
Reya Dawnbringer: "You have not died until I consent."
Reya Dawnbringer: A beacon of hope for a battered army.
Rhox Bodyguard: An enlightened soul caged in a body made for battle.
Rhox Brute: "In this new world, I have seen the once-devout rhoxes take up arms with the savages of Jund. I would be offended, but I see the wisdom in their choice." / —Gernan, Dawnray archer
Rhox Charger: "Momentum is a great ally."
Rhox Faithmender: Rhoxes who live long enough to retire from war lend support with their extensive knowledge of combat injuries.
Rhox Meditant: The weight of her conviction balances on the harmony of her soul.
Rhox Pikemaster: When the rhoxes charge, everyone else knows which way to run.
Rhox War Monk: Rhox monks are dedicated to spiritual growth and learning, and most bear the sigils of many students. However, they do not gladly suffer fools or those who disagree with their carefully wrought dogma.
Rhox: It's as solid as the club in its hand—and about as subtle.
Rhys the Exiled: Once a famed hunter and packmaster, now a renegade seeking his own path.
Rhys the Redeemed: Whole again in honor and horn.
Rhystic Cave: "All mages dip into the same well; some are just in more of a hurry." / —Alexi, zephyr mage
Rhystic Circle: The circle buys time—an important commodity in battle.
Rhystic Deluge: "I'll rain down on you with the power of magic itself. Then we'll see who prevails." / —Alexi, zephyr mage
Rhystic Scrying: "The trick is to ask when no one's listening." / —Alexi, zephyr mage
Rhystic Shield: A shield for one is good. A shield for everyone is even better.
Rhystic Study: Friends teach what you want to know. Enemies teach what you need to know.
Rhystic Syphon: Jamuraan wizards are linked together by magic, a bond that only the wicked dare exploit.
Rhystic Tutor: Any lock can be undone, any secret revealed.
Rib Cage Spider: Everything it sees it considers food—and with that many eyes, it's not liable to miss much.
Ribbon Snake: All snakes slither. Only this one soars.
Ribbons of Night: "My favorite meal is angel's flesh, slain in agony and iced with black vinegar." / —Aszala of House Dimir
Ribbons of the Reikai: "If wisdom is a river, then we cup our hands, reach in, and drink from it in sips. The kami, however, are like fish, swimming, breathing, surrounded in its presence." / —Dosan the Falling Leaf
Richard Garfield, Ph.D.: And yea he doth spake: "Let there be Magic."
Ricochet Trap: In his last seconds, Remhas regretted using his most powerful spell.
Riddlekeeper: Fools surrender their sanity to his riddles. Even greater fools try to solve them.
Riddlesmith: The Neurok see the artificer as an archaeologist, clearing away falsehoods to see the truth hidden beneath.
Ride Down: "I will wash you from my hooves!" / —Mardu taunt
Ridge Rannet: "Only those with the strength to seize their destiny deserve to have one." / —Nacatl scratchforms
Ridged Kusite: "It offers but a taste of the power that the shadows have to offer. But even that is a heady wine indeed." / —Ratadrabik of Urborg
Ridgeline Rager: While armies battled across Jamuraa, beasts stalked the high places looking for victims.
Ridgetop Raptor: "The Skirk Ridge has many wonderful things to discover—like escape routes." / —Foothill guide
Riding Red Hare: One of the greatest steeds in the empire, Red Hare could travel a thousand li a day and climb hills as if running on flat ground.
Riding the Dilu Horse: "All men have their appointed time; that's something no horse can change." / —Liu Bei, after being told that the / Dilu brings its master ill fortune
Riding the Dilu Horse: "All men have their appointed time; that's something no horse can change." / —Liu Bei, after being told that the Dilu brings its master ill fortune
Rift Elemental: "It's difficult to heal a rift after it begins wandering about on its own." / —Teferi
Riftsweeper: "Beings of the rifts are not natural. No longer will these abominations tread upon the body of Gaea."
Righteous Aura: "Good is not a ‘thing.' You can neither touch nor own it. No, Good is a vision we all share and strive to make real." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Righteous Aura: "There is a great difference between pain and injury." / —Cho-Manno
Righteous Avengers: Few can withstand the wrath of the righteous.
Righteous Blow: "Monsters will no longer find safety under the mists of Morkrut!" / —Bruna, Light of Alabaster
Righteous Cause: "Until the world unites in vengeful fury and Phage is destroyed, I will not stay my hand." / —Akroma, angelic avenger
Righteous Charge: "Bravery shines brightest in a pure soul." / —Restela, Alaborn marshal
Righteous Charge: "In the name of peace, moderation, and decency—wipe them all out!"
Righteous Charge: Bravery shines brightest in a pure soul.
Righteous Indignation: "You are the disease that plagues Mercadia. I am the healer's knife that will cut you out."
Righteous War: "This is a war without neutrality." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Righteousness: "I too shall be brought low by death, but until then let me win glory." / —Homer, Iliad, Book XVIII
Righteousness: Sometimes the greatest strength is the strength of conviction.
Rime Dryad: "The Dryads told us to stay, as no new horrors would come when it was so cold. Three of us left anyway. The rest believed their lies, and their skeletons weren't found until the thaw." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Rime Transfusion: The unfortunates so transformed hungered not for flesh, but for warmth.
Rimebound Dead: "Tresserhorn is ours now. Dredge the lake and bring me all the bones you find. We'll build you a new army, the likes of which Terisiare has never seen." / —Heidar, Rimewind master, to Haakon
Rimewind Cryomancer: "The Thaw brings flooding, disease, and death. We will do all in our power to bring frigid peace back to the world."
Rimewind Taskmage: "Find solace in the sun? Burning, blinding, laying secrets bare? No, solace is found under the blanket of cold."
Ring of Gix: Not every cage is made of bars.
Ring of Renewal: To the uninitiated, the Ring of Renewal is merely an oddity. For those fluent in the wielding of magic, however, it is a source of great knowledge.
Rings of Brighthearth: "Without flame, there would be no iron tools, no cooked meals, no purge of old growth to make room for new." / —Brighthearth creed
Riot Control: "Ravnicans need order. If they don't have it, we shall bring it to them." / —Isperia
Riot Devils: Devils are demons' unearthly desires made flesh. Let loose on the world, they satisfy their mad craving for destruction in a whirlwind of chaos.
Riot Gear: Any meeting between guilds requires proper equipment.
Riot Piker: He doesn't care whether he's rioting about trade rights or just having a drunken brawl. He wakes up every morning eager to smash some heads.
Riot Ringleader: "So the vampires like hot blood, do they? Let's see how they handle ours."
Riot Spikes: Most auramancers would have let the spikes hover just above the skin. Having the spikes rip through the skin from beneath was a touch added by Rakdos himself.
Rip-Clan Crasher: If you breathe, she will fight you. If you breathe fire, she must fight you.
Ripscale Predator: As Ravnica's wilds expanded, even advocates for nature had to confront fiercer natural threats.
Riptide Biologist: "I gave it two choices: life in the lab or death in the hunt."
Riptide Chimera: "I want one." / —Kiora
Riptide Chronologist: The wizard consulted the Riptide Project about how to further his research. He wasn't prepared for what they told him.
Riptide Crab: It sleeps with its claws open.
Riptide Director: Those who lead others to wisdom become the wisest themselves.
Riptide Mangler: It wants you to be its chum.
Rise from the Grave: "Death is no excuse for disobedience." / —Liliana Vess
Rise from the Grave: "For my enemies, one death. For my allies, many." / —Liliana Vess
Rise of Eagles: An offering to the sea brings an insight from the stars.
Rise of the Dark Realms: "For every living person there are generations of dead. Which realm would you rather rule?" / —Liliana Vess
Rise of the Hobgoblins: A river even the merrow dare not cross.
Rise to the Challenge: Plidius wagered that Arissa couldn't kill a chimera with her javelins alone. She proved him wrong in a way everyone could see for days to come.
Risen Sanctuary: When one of the great guardians arises, it sweeps enemies aside like chaff yet takes care not to crush a single insect underfoot.
Rishadan Airship: The view is truly spectacular—as long as you don't look at Rishada itself.
Rishadan Cutpurse: The bigger the purse, the greater the fool. / —Rishadan saying
Rishadan Footpad: "The best things in life are free. Money, for instance."
Rishadan Pawnshop: Everything comes to the waterfront eventually, on the tide or on credit.
Rishadan Port: Rishada is the gateway to free trade—but the key will cost you.
Rising Waters: Rising waters, sinking hope.
Rite of Flame: Deep beneath the ice, beneath the soil and the rock, Dominaria's fire still burned hot.
Rite of Passage: Every scar is a lesson, every battle a test of what you have learned.
Rite of Ruin: Skirsdag cultists refused to quietly accept Avacyn's ascendancy.
Rite of the Serpent: "From your death, new life. From your loss, our profit." / —Kirada, Qarsi overseer
Rites of Flourishing: "Dance, and bring forth the coil! It is an umbilical to Gaea herself, fattening us with the earth's rich bounty."
Rites of Reaping: Don't cross a Devkarin elf unless you long for an early grave.
Rith's Attendant: "Rith is the claw of the ur-dragon, scattering seeds of devastation."
Rith, the Awakener Avatar: DRB Avatar
Ritual of Restoration: Leonin raising ceremonies take place at the white sun's dawn, the rebirth of artifacts mirroring the birth of a new day.
Ritual of Steel: "Our soldiers are blessed with lizard scales as hard and cold as steel." / —Sidar Jabari
Ritual of Subdual: "That which does not bend to the will of Freyalise shall surely break." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Ritual of Subdual: "That which does not bend to the will of Freyalise shall surely break." / —Kolbjörn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Ritual of the Machine: "Rumors persist of dark deeds performed in the depths of Soldev. When will Dagsson heed the danger therein?" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Ritual of the Machine: "Rumors persist of dark deeds performed in the depths of Soldev. When will Dagsson heed the danger therein?" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Ritual of the Returned: A mask forged to avenge a death forgotten.
Rivalry: The goblins revered it; the viashino defended it. Only Urza understood it.
Rivals' Duel: They could agree on one thing only: one of them must die.
Riven Turnbull: "Political violence is a perfectly legitimate answer to the persecution handed down by dignitaries of the state."
River Bear: The bears had been isolated on an island for hundreds of years, until the island sank and the bears didn't.
River Boa: "But no one heard the snake's gentle hiss for peace over the elephant's trumpeting of war." / —Afari, Tales
River Boa: "Sheath your swords! Cudgels only. I see a new pair of waterproof trek boots slithering away." / —Nablus, North Hada trapper
River Kaijin: "Since the war began, fishermen don't sing to the kaijin to ask for full nets. They guard the shore with thrice-blessed spears, saving the nets for their wives to pack their belongings and leave." / —Hayato, master sailor
River Merfolk: "Dwelling in icy mountain streams near Goblin and Orcish foes, the River Merfolk were known for their stoicism." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. V
River Merfolk: "Dwelling in icy mountain streams near goblin and orcish foes, the river merfolk were known for their stoicism." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. V
River of Tears: "The Westfolk wept, and their tears wore winding rivers into the cheek of the world." / —Glem the Lonebard, "Origins of Kholon"
Riverfall Mimic: Mimics don't hide their natural form well, but their disguises work well enough on boggarts.
Riverwheel Aerialists: Adepts of the Riverwheel Stronghold can run through rain and never get wet; masters use the raindrops as stepping stones.
Rix Maadi Guildmage: Insatiable, irresistible, and insane.
Rix Maadi, Dungeon Palace: Even miles away, if you put your ear to the sewer vents, you can hear the screams and the tempestuous laughter.
Roar of Reclamation: "Yesterday's relics will determine the outcome of tomorrow's war." / —Ushanti, leonin seer
Roar of the Crowd: One voice is but a pebble to the rest of the world. A thousand voices at once is an avalanche.
Roaring Primadox: "They're easy enough to find. Question is, are you sure you want to find one?" / —Juruk, Kalonian tracker
Roaring Slagwurm: Wurms compete for nesting grounds near the Radix. The young who hatch closest have the best chance for survival.
Robber Fly: In pursuit of the juicy fly, Squee stumbled on the hidden hangar.
Robe of Mirrors: "Does this make me look fat?"
Robe of Mirrors: "Some say you cannot hit what you cannot see. I prefer that you hit what I want you to see." / —Arcanis the Omnipotent
Robot Chicken: Why did the chicken cross the road? To die in the name of science.
Roc Egg: A thin shell lies between the roc and a world of bite-sized treats.
Roc of Kher Ridges: We encountered a valley topped with immense boulders and eerie rock formations. Suddenly one of these boulders toppled from its perch and sprouted gargantuan wings, casting a shadow of darkness and sending us fleeing in terror.
Rock Badger: "As it charged our keep, I mistook it for a bear. After it tore through our ramparts and half the guard, I wished it had been a bear after all." / —Ballista guard
Rock Badger: The Kyren goblins created most of the inverted mountain's tunnels simply by driving the beast before them.
Rock Basilisk: In the eastern reaches of Jamuraa are arrangements of massive stones. No one knows their origins—for certain.
Rock Jockey: Goblins don't know much about physics, but they know lots about falling and rocks.
Rock Lobster: Many take the lobster for granite.
Rock Slide: "Good ol' rock. Nothing beats rock." / —Rhirhok, goblin archer
Rockcaster Platoon: "Aven bandits can be sly. You've got to fill the sky with boulders—and then seek cover immediately." / —Knight-Captain Wyhorn
Rocket Launcher: What these devices lacked in subtlety, they made up in strength.
Rockslide Elemental: On Jund, even the landscape is a deadly hunter. Volcanoes, tar pits, and rock slides seem to prey upon the living.
Rod of Ruin: "My masterpiece is complete—and so shall be my triumph." / —Saldrath, master artificer
Rod of Ruin: The good news is it's so simple a goblin could use it. The bad news is it's so simple a goblin could use it.
Rod of Ruin: The rod is a relic from ancient times . . . cruel, vicious, mean-spirited times.
Rod of Spanking: Minutes before the campus watch busted pledge week at the Alpha Beta Unlimited house . . .
Rofellos's Gift: "Rise, elf. We are both of Gaea, and thus we are equal." / —Multani, to Rofellos
Rofellos: Gerrard's longtime friend and fellow student under the maro-sorcerer Multani, Rofellos is an excellent warrior and excellent company. Though adept at both magic and swordplay, he's far more comfortable with a flagon in his hand and a good companion at his side.
Rogue Elephant: "When are trees like grass?" / —The One Thousand Questions
Rogue Kavu: "I know how this one feels," said Urza. "It's not like others of its kind and has been shunned for its differences."
Rogue Kavu: Every litter of kavu yields one cub that refuses to hunt with the pack.
Rogue's Gloves: Professional pilferers prefer proper preparation.
Rogue's Passage: Rumors quickly spread among thieves about a labyrinth without walls and a prize beyond all measures of worth.
Roil Elemental: A vortex that devours everything—even the souls of the living.
Roiling Terrain: "The trembling lands ruptured, leaving an open door for things from below to emerge." / —Screed of the Mul Daya
Rollick of Abandon: "Embrace every moment, for it could be your last." / —Xenagos, god of revels
Rolling Spoil: The shadow that fell over the grove was silent yet horribly alive, roiling with millions of tiny minions dedicated to the process of rot.
Rolling Stones: "Trust me—the walls have more than just ears." / —Orcish spy
Rolling Stones: "We spent three weeks trying to knock that wall down. Now it's knocking us down." / —Onean sergeant
Rolling Stones: Walls collapse and kill people all the time. Some are just more aggressive about it.
Rolling Temblor: When demons open a path to your front door, it's time to move.
Rolling Thunder: "Such rage," thought Vhati, gazing up at the thunderhead from the Predator. "It is Greven's mind manifest."
Ronin Cavekeeper: The akki were surprised to encounter a human who could fight in the caves as well as they.
Ronin Houndmaster: Some samurai fell so far out of grace that only dogs would keep them company.
Ronom Serpent: With the spread of Rimewind's sorcerous winter, snow dwellers reclaimed their places atop the food chain.
Ronom Unicorn: The aberrant magic of the Rimewind drew the unicorns back from the northern wastes to do battle once again.
Roofstalker Wight: No heartbeat to hear, no greed to bribe, no fear of death.
Rooftop Storm: "Let those idiot priests tremble! A new era in unlife begins here and now. Oglor, raise the lightning vane!" / —Stitcher Geralf
Roon of the Hidden Realm: "Time and space are just new battlefields to be mastered."
Root Cage: The Vintara Forest welcomes its enemies with a crushing embrace.
Root Greevil: The root of all greevils.
Root Maze: "We should step up repairs. I think the forest has plans for us." / —Crovax
Root Maze: Pause for the briefest of moments to consider the whorl of brambles, the tangled twist of bark, and the maze has already won.
Root Sliver: "It would take another apocalypse to stop the slivers now." / —Riptide Project researcher
Root Spider: "They're not half as fierce if they don't see you coming." / —Devin, Faerie Noble
Rootbreaker Wurm: As Gerrard made his escape, the wurm covered his flight by helping itself to three great mouthfuls of merfolk.
Rootgrapple: "All the sylvan secrets of this world are etched between my rings. The skinfolk's metal aberrations can rot between my roots." / —Colfenor, the Last Yew
Roots of All Evil: "I assure you, these are not the kind that thrive on sunlight and water."
Roots: "That which nourishes can also bind." / —Gemma, Willow Priestess
Rootwalla: If you try to sneak up on a rootwalla, you'll suddenly find yourself dealing with twice the lizard.
Rootwalla: They make terrible pets . . . unless you don't like your other pets.
Rootwater Alligator: Subduing and skinning an alligator is the first rite of maturity adolescent merfolk must pass.
Rootwater Commando: Rootwater merfolk are seldom seen these days, but elf corpses are as numerous as ever.
Rootwater Diver: "Drop a dagger into the murky deep and the merfolk will cut your throat with it." / —Skyshroud saying
Rootwater Hunter: "Bitter water   vicious wave / Shadow-cold shallows   root-made maze / Home's angry embrace." / —Rootwater Saga
Rootwater Matriarch: In the harsh depths of Rootwater, the charms of surface dwellers are quite useless . . . except as lures.
Rootwater Mystic: "Read the roots    tell the tale / Future forms    in waving weeds / Higher than truth   is hope." / —Rootwater Saga
Rootwater Shaman: "Ugh! When did orcs and fish start having kids?" / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Rorix Bladewing: In the smoldering ashes of Shiv, a few dragons strive to rebuild their native land. The rest seek any opportunity to restore the broken pride of their race.
Rosheen Meanderer: Night after night, Rosheen babbled about a bygone sunlit world, her every word dismissed as a madwoman's ravings.
Rotcrown Ghoul: "Don't look into its eyes. It's thinking things no dead thing should think." / —Captain Eberhart
Roterothopter: "The Roterothopter is as insidious as it is ingenious. It is one of the few creations of our school that I take no pride in." —Baki, Wizard Attendant
Roterothopter: "The roterothoper is as insidious as it is ingenious. It is one of the few creations of our school that I take no pride in." / —Baki, wizard attendant
Rotfeaster Maggot: Is it at the top of the food chain or the bottom?
Rotted Hulk: The hulk rose from the sea and loomed over the Champion. Pinned beneath the twisting, rotted planks of wood was the body of Kaliaros, the helmsman of her former crew, and beside him the captain, Photine. / —The Theriad
Rotted Hystrix: Vorinclex had no grand plan. The oil did its own work, evolving creatures into worthy predators.
Rotted Ones, Lay Siege: "Don't come back until you've got brains in your teeth."
Rotting Fensnake: Its venom sacs are long gone, but its crushing strength is somehow greater than ever.
Rotting Giant: Wracked with rot, it wrecks and ruins.
Rotting Legion: Zombies have one speed: shamble.
Rotting Mastodon: Mastodons became extinct long ago, but foul forces of the Gurmag Swamp sometimes animate their decaying remains. The Sultai happily exploit such creatures but consider them inferior to their own necromantic creations.
Roughshod Mentor: He didn't hear the cries of the treefolk whose branches he snapped or of the elves caught underfoot. He had eyes only for the path ahead.
Rousing of Souls: "We remember. We rise."
Rout: "End this. What I seek is far greater." / —Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Rowan Treefolk: One of the forest's best protectors is the forest itself.
Rowen: "I've dreamt of a second harvest but fear I will not see it." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Rowen: "I've dreamt of a second harvest but fear I will not see it." / —Asmira, holy avenger
Rowen: Those who understand the forest are free to harvest its bounty.
Royal Assassin Avatar: 8ED Participation Avatar
Royal Assassin: An assassin is a king's most trusted courier, ensuring his messages are heard by even the most unwilling recipients.
Royal Assassin: Trained in the arts of stealth, royal assassins choose their victims carefully, relying on timing and precision rather than brute force.
Royal Assassin: Trained in the arts of stealth, royal assassins choose their victims carefully, relying on timing and precision rather than brute force..
Royal Assassin: Trained in the arts of stealth, the Royal Assassins choose their victims carefully, relying on timing and precision rather than brute force.
Royal Assassin: Trained in the arts of stealth, the royal assassins choose their victims carefully, relying on timing and precision rather than brute force.
Royal Falcon: Hunter by instinct, weapon by training.
Royal Herbalist: "It's not so easy anymore. Nothing grows in Kjeldor but seaweed." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Royal Herbalist: "Just as an Herbalist heals a wound, so must we heal the rift between Balduvia and Kjeldor." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Royal Trooper: "Fortune does not side with the faint-hearted." / —Sophocles, Phaedra
Royal Trooper: "Fortune does not side with the fainthearted." / —Sophocles, Phaedra
Rubbleback Rhino: The trouble started when a street urchin bet a goblin he could ride one until the clock on Shilbo's Tower struck thirteen.
Rubblebelt Maaka: "The maaka remain loyal to us in this time of strife. We don't even have to feed them—our enemies do." / —Nedja, Gruul shaman
Rubblebelt Raiders: "This city will perish, and the Gruul will cheer as the boar-god crushes the last bricks into dust." / —Nikya of the Old Ways
Rubinia Soulsinger: "Take up the quill, and feel your future flow into the runes."
Ruby Leech: "Its gems didn't stop pulsating until they were completely removed." / —Tolarian research notes
Rugged Prairie: Hobs bury their kin far from home. They believe the dry, open ground keeps hags from stealing the bones and gwyllions from stealing the spirits.
Ruhan of the Fomori: Unfettered by allegiance, driven by war.
Ruin Ghost: The Forsaken Ones haunt the ruins that flicker in and out of the spirit realm. Such sites are hard to find and even harder to loot.
Ruination Wurm: When the architects of Ravnica claim a structure will stand against a wurm, they never mention for how long.
Ruination: "We have built a wall upon sand. The wall will vanish. The sand will remain." / —Oracle en-Vec
Ruinous Minotaur: Not every intelligent being is interested in treasure and lost knowledge . . . or even the basics of speech.
Rukh Egg: Called "stonefeathers" by many lowlanders, rukhs are thought to descend from a phoenix that sacrificed its flame for a body of stone.
Rule of Law: Appointed by the kha himself, members of the tribunal ensure all disputes are settled with the utmost fairness.
Rumbling Aftershocks: "I like it here. You always get a little more for your mana." / —Chandra Nalaar
Rumbling Baloth: In the dim light beneath the vast trees of Deepglade, baloths prowl in search of prey. Their guttural calls are more felt than heard, but their attack scream carries for miles.
Rumbling Slum Avatar: GPT Prize Avatar
Rumbling Slum: The Orzhov contract the Izzet to animate slum districts and banish them to the wastes. The Gruul adopt them and send them back to the city for vengeance.
Rummaging Goblin: To a goblin, value is based on the four S's: shiny, stabby, smelly, and super smelly.
Rummaging Wizard: "I've got everything you'd ever need right here. Just give me some time to find it."
Run Wild: Wirewood's beasts didn't seem to mind when the elves moved in. In fact, they hardly noticed them underfoot.
Rune Snag: "Concentration is key. Without it, a mage conjures nothing but a splitting headache." / —Zur the Enchanter
Rune-Cervin Rider: Things of beauty are in constant peril. The riders whisk them to safety, ahead of the encroaching darkness.
Rune-Scarred Demon: The litany of the infernal on his flesh pulses to the beating of his dark heart.
Runeboggle: "Ever try to count hyperactive schoolchildren while someone shouts random numbers in your ear? It's like that." / —Geetra, frustrated mage
Runechanter's Pike: As sharp as its bearer's words of faith.
Runeclaw Bear: "Nature has grown tired of the impositions of men and will begin to outfit its creations with tools for bloody instruction." / —Hadi Kasten, Calla Dale naturalist
Runeclaw Bear: Bears aren't always as strong and as mean as you imagine. Some are even stronger and meaner.
Runeclaw Bear: The magic of the elves leaves its mark on the forest. The magic of the forest leaves its mark on the animals who live there. The animals of the forest leave their mark on all who trespass.
Runeclaw Bear: The only honey it wants is the sweet nectar flowing through your veins.
Runed Servitor: Scholars had puzzled for centuries over the ruins at Tal Terig. Its secrets had always lived within one rune-carved head.
Runed Stalactite: When a changeling adopts a form no other changeling has taken, a rune appears in the caverns of Velis Vel to mark the event.
Runewing: In the hands of the open-minded, a runewing quill writes wisdom of its own.
Runic Repetition: "What some call obsession, I call the quest for perfection."
Rupture: All creatures have an inner fire. Releasing it can be dangerous.
Rush of Battle: The Mardu charge reflects the dragon's speed—and its hunger.
Rush of Blood: Sometimes it's not for sustenance or to feed the dependence. Sometimes it's just to feel again.
Rush of Knowledge: "Limitless power is glorious until you gain limitless understanding." / —Ixidor, reality sculptor
Rushing-Tide Zubera: Cut off from the kakuriyo by the destruction of their honden, the zubera sought new ways to bring their secrets home.
Rushwood Dryad: Rushwood is a living jewel that reflects its dwellers' hearts.
Rushwood Dryad: To a dryad, every tree in the forest is both a doorway and a window.
Rushwood Herbalist: When generals gather their armies, healers gather their herbs.
Russet Wolves: "The wolves of our valley are bred to detest the scent of ghouls. For centuries they have kept our estates clear of such carrion." / —Olivia Voldaren
Rust Scarab: "Behold nature's answer to the problem of society." / —Nikya of the Old Ways
Rust: "How dull it is to pause, to make an end,/ To rust unburnished, not to shine in use,/ As though to breathe were life!" —Alfred, Lord Tennyson, "Ulysses"
Rusted Relic: "We consider rust a curable disease." / —Tarrin, Hammer-Tribe shaman
Rusted Sentinel: It has to deliberate a moment on the best way to break your face.
Rusted Slasher: "It's a beautiful vision. Discarded debris is reborn as a singular entity." / —Urabrask the Hidden
Rustmouth Ogre: It has an iron stomach. Literally.
Rustrazor Butcher: A Bloodwort's blade is salted with blood and peppered with rust, seasoning and slaughtering in a single swipe.
Rustspore Ram: Where herds have passed, the dented ground is lined with piles of rust.
Ruthless Cullblade: She wields a blade as bloodthirsty and elegant as herself.
Ruthless Invasion: "For the survival of our people, every conflict must now end in retreat." / —Pythor, Mirran resistance
Saber Ants: They stay on the battlefield only long enough to consume the losers.
Saberclaw Golem: The warriors of the Blade Tribe charged the golem, twenty strong. They returned numbering ten . . . and a half.
Sabertooth Alley Cat: It has eight lives' worth of hunger to satisfy.
Sabertooth Nishoba: They sneer at the terrestrial dangers found on peaks and shores, eager to prove themselves against new and even mightier foes.
Sabertooth Wyvern: Most creatures grow out of their baby teeth, but sabertooth wyverns grow into theirs.
Sabretooth Tiger: "Daughter, it is now your turn to hunt the Tiger, and make a blanket of its fur." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Sabretooth Tiger: "Here, kitty kitty. Here, kitty kitty. Aaaaugh"
Sabretooth Tiger: "I fear anything with teeth measured in handspans!" / —Norin the Wary
Sabretooth Tiger: To a sabretooth, all men are mice.
Sacellum Archers: "Our arrows are aimed not at the sacred behemoths but at those who dare to dream of such a trophy."
Sacellum Godspeaker: Her connection to the gargantuans puts her in line to become Anima, a sacred but daunting duty.
Sachi, Daughter of Seshiro: "The warriors deal in poison and fangs. We shamans remember why our ancestors crawled with their bellies to the earth."
Sacred Armory: Arrive for worship. Leave for war.
Sacred Boon: "Divine gifts are granted to those who are worthy." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran Priest
Sacred Boon: "Divine gifts are granted to those who are worthy." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Sacred Foundry: Burning fervor and fearsome skill create a lethal beauty terrible to behold.
Sacred Ground: "That which knows itself cannot be shaped to another's will." / —Oracle en-Vec
Sacred Ground: The knight knelt and prayed, first for the sanctity of his land and second for the strength to repel its invaders.
Sacred Ground: The land will never betray those who gave their lives for it.
Sacred Knight: "No flame, no horror can sway me from my cause."
Sacred Mesa: "Do not go there, do not go / unless you rise on wings, unless you walk on hooves." / —"Song to the Sun," Femeref song
Sacred Nectar: "For he on honey-dew hath fed, / And drunk the milk of Paradise." / —Samuel Taylor Coleridge, "Kubla Khan"
Sacred Nectar: "For he on honey-dew hath fed, / And drunk the milk of Paradise." / —Samuel Taylor Coleridge, / "Kubla Khan"
Sacred Nectar: "Over the silver mountains, / Where spring the nectar fountains, /      There will I kiss /      The bowl of bliss; / And drink my everlasting fill. . . ." / —Sir Walter Raleigh, "The Pilgrimage"
Sacred Prey: To see one is a good omen to the Cho-Arrim.
Sacred Wolf: "I raised my bow, and the wolf stared at me. Under its gaze, my finger would not release the string." / —Aref the Hunter
Sadistic Augermage: "Don't worry. I know the drill."
Sadistic Glee: "First blood isn't as important as last blood." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Sadistic Hypnotist: "Victory in the pits is almost as rewarding as the methods I use to achieve it."
Safe Passage: As she shepherds the faithful, the angel's radiance is a shield of salvation.
Safe Passage: With one flap of her wings, the angel beat back the fires of war.
Safeguard: "I'm amused by wasted effort when it's not my own." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Safehold Elite: "I refuse to die—not at the hands of one such as you."
Safehold Sentry: "These bracers were worn by my father and by his mother before him. Boggart fangs have shattered on them. Cinder flames have withered at their touch. While I wear them, the safehold will not fall."
Safewright Quest: Elves search for sources of beauty in a nighted world. Meanwhile, the nighted world searches for the blood of elves.
Saffi Eriksdotter: In the blink of an eye, she strode from deep snow to dusty waste. From the crease of light behind her, a voice rang hollow: "Saffi, wait for me . . . ."
Sage Aven: From their mountain aeries, aven scholars see far more than the distant horizon.
Sage Owl: Some owls house the souls of archmages of ages past.
Sage Owl: The owl asks but never answers.
Sage of Epityr: Clairvoyants across Dominaria were driven mad by the overload from the widening time rifts, while other random folk gained the gift of future sight.
Sage of Fables: "There is no secret that cannot be sold."
Sage of Lat-Nam: Within each device is a spark of its creator's soul. Within each sage is a lamp that awaits that spark.
Sage of the Inward Eye: "No one petal claims beauty for the lotus."
Sage's Dousing: "Curse these merrows and their meddling! Since coming near the river, I can't so much as sneeze without being soaked." / —Ashling the Pilgrim
Sage's Knowledge: "Those who know do not talk. Those who talk do not know." / —Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching / (trans. Feng and English)
Sage's Row Denizen: "I offer you wisdom untainted by false loyalty, learning free of any guild's agenda."
Sage-Eye Harrier: These winged warriors meditate in flight, tracing mandalas in the clouds.
Sages of the Anima: Godtrackers found new pantheons of beast-gods beyond Naya's borders.
Sagu Archer: His arrows whistle like a serpent's hiss.
Sagu Mauler: The Sagu Jungle's thick undergrowth conceals even the largest predators—if they wish to remain hidden.
Sai of the Shinobi: The passing of the sai presages the end of the old clan and the ascent of the new.
Sailmonger: Clients who cheat the sailmonger make an impact on the rest.
Sakashima the Impostor Avatar: SOK Prize Avatar
Sakura-Tribe Elder: Slain orochi warriors were buried with a tree sapling so they would become a part of the forest after death.
Sakura-Tribe Elder: Slain orochi warriors were buried with a tree sapling so they would become part of the forest after death.
Sakura-Tribe Elder: Slain warriors were buried with a tree sapling, so they would become a part of the forest after death.
Sakura-Tribe Elder: There were no tombstones in orochi territory. Slain warriors were buried with a tree sapling, so they would become a part of the forest after death.
Sakura-Tribe Elder: There were no tombstones in orochi territory. Slain warriors were buried with a tree sapling, so they would become part of the forest after death.
Sakura-Tribe Scout: "Scouts of the Sakura Tribe spent two years wandering the forest to learn every leaf and tree. That knowledge was called upon during the Kami War to ensure the orochi's survival." / —The History of Kamigawa
Salt Marsh: Only death breeds in stagnant water. / —Urborg saying
Salt Road Patrol: "Soldiers win battles, but supplies win wars." / —Kadri, Abzan caravan master
Saltblast: Dominaria erodes with each passing gust.
Saltfield Recluse: He remembers a past of light and healing. But he lives the bitter present—parching salt, scouring wind, and the withering heat of the desert.
Salvage Scout: "I'm not saying it's dangerous work. I'm just saying don't sign up if you have plans for your seventieth birthday."
Salvage Slasher: Esper artificers never imagined that one day their scraps would be pressed against their soft and fragile throats.
Salvage: "What was taken shall be restored." / —Arathel, elvish queen
Samite Alchemist: "Powders and potions are nothing compared to faith." / —Baris, Serra Inquisitor
Samite Alchemist: "The wisest of Aysen dwell not in the Abbey, but in the laboratory." / —Taysir
Samite Archer: "I can preserve ten lives by taking one."
Samite Blessing: Knit bone, darn flesh, / Stitch skin, weave breath. / —Samite healing ritual
Samite Censer-Bearer: Samite alchemists extracted aromatic traces of healing minerals from the residue of the receding salt dunes.
Samite Healer: Healers ultimately acquire the divine gifts of spiritual and physical wholeness. The most devout are also granted the ability to pass physical wholeness on to others.
Samite Healer: Why does a Samite heal? You might as well ask why a bird flies.
Samite Sanctuary: Our war is against suffering, not against those who cause it. / —Samite creed
Samurai Enforcers: From the moment they swore their oaths, they belonged to their lord, sword and soul.
Sanctified Charge: You need only raise your spear to receive this blessing.
Sanctimony: "The peasants labor for my profit. I approve."
Sanctimony: "To forgive our enemies is to forgive ourselves."
Sanctuary Cat: Cats prowl the corridors of Avacyn's churches in search of devils or signs of their mischief.
Sanctum Custodian: Serra told them to guard Urza as he healed. Five years they stood.
Sanctum Gargoyle: As their supplies of etherium dwindled, mechanists sent gargoyles farther and farther afield in search of salvage.
Sanctum Guardian: "Protect our mother in her womb."
Sandbar Crocodile: "We've run aground sandbars before, but today, a sandbar ran aground us." / —Kipkemboi, Kukemssa pirate
Sandbar Merfolk: You are not prey until a predator knows of your existence.
Sandbar Serpent: Treacherous and unpredictable currents around Tolaria earned the nickname "serpent wakes."
Sands of Delirium: It counts down your last few moments of sanity.
Sands of Time: "But once, with a magician's help, Time was stopped and Day stood still." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Sandskin: "Those who live by the sword will die by the sword. I choose to do neither."
Sandsower: It drifts through the streets as a breeze of collective sighs, wilting the bustle with dreams and heavy eyelids.
Sandsteppe Citadel: That which endures, survives.
Sandstone Deadfall: "Two or three tons of rock can really get you down—and keep you there." / —Kamahl, pit fighter
Sandstone Warrior: "I used to describe something stable as ‘rock solid.' So much for that expression." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Sandstorm: Better to fight the sand for a few hours than to sleep beneath it forever. / —Suq'Ata truism
Sandstorm: Even the landscape turned against Sarsour, first rising up and pelting him, then rearranging itself so he could no longer find his way.
Sangrite Backlash: "Sangrite is the dragon's beating heart. Little wonder, then, that so many fools' chests burst trying to contain it." / —Sarkhan Vol
Sangrite Surge: Some believe the spiky crystal called sangrite is concentrated dragon's breath. Others think it's crystallized life energy. The clans care only about the power it unleashes when crushed.
Sangrophage: The living is all it eats.
Sanguine Bond: "Blood is constant. Every drop I drink, someone must bleed." / —Vradeen, vampire nocturnus
Sanguine Guard: "Father of Machines! Your filigree gaze carves us, and the scars dance upon our grateful flesh." / —Phyrexian Scriptures
Sanguine Praetor: "Our fealty to guilds dooms us. The old gods shall resurface. Our skins will wave upon the guild-masts over emptied streets, and our bones will clatter in the wind." / —Ilromov, traveling storyteller
Sanity Gnawers: The last thought to go through their victim's mind is the one they tear out through the scalp.
Sapling of Colfenor: Her plans may yet bear fruit.
Sapphire Drake: Sapphire drakes can communicate over great distances, their calls resonating in the gems fixed in their skulls.
Sapphire Leech: "The subject's wings are clearly vestigial. We suspect the gems somehow keep it aloft." / —Tolarian research notes
Saprazzan Heir: Within the walls of the floating city, Saprazzan wealth is like Saprazzan water: abundant, free-flowing, and accessible to all.
Saprazzan Outrigger: The Saprazzans excel at both tactics: hit and run.
Saprazzan Raider: Some quick dagger work and then back to the sea—that's the Saprazzan way.
Saproling Infestation: "My army took centuries to gather," remarked Urza. "Yavimaya seems to conjure hers out of thin air."
Sarcomite Myr: "A horrible sight, yes, but the sounds . . . Its twanging tendons and grinding gears are almost musical." / —Brudiclad, Telchor engineer
Sarpadian Empires, Vol. VII: The past still lives within its pages, waiting for its time to come again.
Saruli Gatekeepers: In Ravnica's wilder districts, nature still stirs, and its protectors still mind their posts.
Satyr Firedancer: His heart, the coal; his eye, the spark; his hand, the whirling flame.
Satyr Grovedancer: "Some of my kin dance for themselves, without greater purpose. Nylea gives me purpose, and with it strength."
Satyr Hedonist: "Any festival you can walk away from wasn't worth attending in the first place."
Satyr Hoplite: "Xenagos has become what he once despised: a tyrant and an oppressor."
Satyr Piper: "When I asked my commander the reward for killing that prancing nuisance, he told me, ‘None! I want to kill him myself!'" / —Phrogas, soldier of Akros
Satyr Rambler: A satyr is bound by nothing—not home, not family, not loyalty.
Satyr Wayfinder: The first satyr to wake after a revel must search for the site of the next one.
Sauté: "Selecting the proper beeble is the key to a good sauté. The pinker the fur and the heartier the yelp, the more succulent the beeble will be when you pop it in your mouth." / —Asmoranomardicadaistinaculdacar, / The Underworld Cookbook,
Savaen Elves: "Purity of magic can only come from purity of the land. How can a meal nourish if the ingredients are spoiled?" —Sidaine of Savaen
Savage Conception: Some beasts are born not of a mother, but of magic.
Savage Gorilla: These omnivorous gorillas have no qualms about a diet composed of equal parts fruit and Phyrexians.
Savage Lands: Jund is a world as cruel as those who call it home. Their brutal struggles scar the land even as it carves them in its image, a vicious circle spiraling out of control.
Savage Silhouette: Some elves believe that their survival instincts are born of many cycles of reincarnation.
Savage Surge: "I thought its back was turned!" / "A centaur has two backs!"
Savage Surge: Gruul warriors never need to be stirred to battle. They need only to be shown where the battle is.
Savage Twister: "Frozen, we watched the funnel pluck up three of the goats—pook! pook! pook!—before we ran for the wadi." / —Travelogue of Najat
Savage Twister: "Nature is the ultimate mindless destroyer, capable of power and ferocity no army can match, and the Gruul follow its example." / —Trigori, Azorius senator
Savannah Lions: Even the brave are scared by a lion three times: first by its tracks, again by its roar, and one last time face to face. / —Somali proverb
Savannah Lions: The traditional kings of the jungle command a healthy respect in other climates as well. Relying mainly on their stealth and speed, Savannah Lions can take a victim by surprise, even in the endless flat plains of their homeland.
Savannah Lions: The traditional kings of the jungle command a healthy respect in other climates as well. Relying mainly on their stealth and speed, Savannah Lions can take a victim by surprise, even in the endless, flat plains of their homeland.
Save Life: Who consistently managed to win.
Saving Grasp: Nothing's more valuable than perfect timing.
Savor the Moment: The merrow took a moment for herself. She never gave it back.
Savra, Queen of the Golgari: "Nature's most raw beauty is the circle: perfect in its continuance, with no break between death and life."
Sawtooth Ogre: "You will sharpen your teeth on my enemies' bones," Maraxus promised them, and his ogres cheered.
Scab-Clan Charger: "The only roads I wish to see are those beaten flat by wild hooves."
Scab-Clan Giant: For the Gruul, bone-crushing rage is the first priority. Accuracy comes in a distant ninetieth.
Scab-Clan Mauler: They inflict pain to forget their own and break foes to feel whole.
Scald: "Shiv may be surrounded by water, but the mountains go far deeper." / —Fire Eye, viashino bey
Scalding Devil: Demons massacre. Devils annoy.
Scalding Tongs: "This has nothing to do with what you know and everything to do with what I wish." / —Volrath
Scaldkin: The Temur believe that scaldkin are born when eruptions melt the frozen whispers of sleeping ancestors.
Scalebane's Elite: "With Rashida's blades, my guiding vision and the luck of the blessed, today we will free Mangara!" / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Scaled Hulk: "Say, what rhymes with ‘run for your lives'?" / —Ku-Ku, akki poet
Scaled Wurm: "Flourishing during the Ice Age, these / wurms were the bane of all Kjeldorans. Their great size and ferocity made them the subject of countless nightmares—they embodied the worst of the Ice Age." / —Kjeldor: Ice Civilization
Scaled Wurm: "Flourishing during the Ice Age, these Wurms were the bane of all Kjeldorans. Their great size and ferocity made them the subject of countless nightmares—they embodied the worst of the Ice Age." / —Kjeldor: Ice Civilization
Scaled Wurm: "Flourishing during the Ice Age, these wurms were the bane of all Kjeldorans. Their great size and ferocity made them the subject of countless nightmares—they embodied the worst of the Ice Age." / —Kjeldor: Ice Civilization
Scaled Wurm: The wurms become so big, a single scale can be used as a roof for a human dwelling.
Scandalmonger: Silence costs extra. Breaking it costs extra still.
Scapegoat: "Enjoy your deception, Vuel," Gerrard said as Volrath's features melted from the dead shapeshifter. "I'll count this one as practice."
Scapeshift: "Changes far greater than the turning of the leaves await us at season's end." / —Colfenor, the Last Yew
Scar: "What is a scar? A sign of courage in the face of danger? A mere trick of flesh? Or a constant reminder of agonizing pain, and the follies of war." / —Illulia of Nighthearth
Scarblade Elite: "Rejoice, eyeblight. In your last hours above the earth, those who bury you will finally make you beautiful."
Scare Tactics: "Fear rules those weak enough to accept it." / —Greven il-Vec
Scarecrone: Her poppets bring joy to the truly depraved.
Scarecrow: There was more malice in its button eyes than should have been possible in something that had never known life.
Scarland Thrinax: "There is only one way of life in Jund: feed on the weak until you are cut down by something stronger." / —Jorshu of Clan Nel Toth
Scarred Puma: It's not eager to lose the other eye.
Scarred Vinebreeder: For disfigured elves, there are few choices beyond death or nettlevine.
Scarscale Ritual: Some words are too important to trust to something as fragile as memory.
Scarwood Goblins: Larger and more cunning than most Goblins, Scarwood Goblins are thankfully found only in isolated pockets.
Scarwood Treefolk: To treefolk's sense of time, ages pass as hours. They stood as witnesses to the apocalypse, the years of which they saw as one cacophonous, ultra-destructive moment.
Scathe Zombies: "They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose, / Nor Spake, nor moved their eyes; / It had been strange, even in a dream, / To have seen those dead men rise." / —Samuel Coleridge, / "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies: "They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose, / Nor spake, nor moved their eyes; / It had been strange, even in a dream, / To have seen those dead men rise." / —Samuel Coleridge, / "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies: "They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose, / Nor spake, nor moved their eyes; / It had been strange, even in a dream, / To have seen those dead men rise." / —Samuel Taylor Coleridge, / "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies: "They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose, Nor spake, nor moved their eyes; It had been strange, even in a dream, To have seen those dead men rise." —Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies: "They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose,/ Nor spake, nor moved their eyes;/ It had been strange, even in a dream,/ To have seen those dead men rise."/ —Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Scathe Zombies: Luckily for them, it doesn't take much brains to slaughter and maim.
Scatter Arc: "Should your chosen emissary be able to fluctuate triharmonic pentodes, however unlikely, I shall shunt excess negavolt radicals."
Scatter the Seeds: From the seeds of faith, great forests grow.
Scattershot Archer: To train her elves for war, Mayael would drop a sackful of acorns from the tree canopy. Each archer tried to split as many as possible before the acorns hit the forest floor below.
Scavenged Weaponry: "The Phyrexians have progressed," admired Urza. "Their parts are interchangeable."
Scavenger Drake: Dragons consider drakes to be mockeries of their perfection, destroying them on sight.
Scavenger Folk: "One piece? Now there's a hundred"
Scavenger Folk: "Stoop, pick, turn, toss. / This is the way we mourn our loss." / —Scavenger dirge
Scavenger Folk: String, weapons, wax, or jewels—it makes no difference. Leave nothing unguarded in Scarwood.
Scavenging Ooze: In nature, not a single bone or scrap of flesh goes to waste.
Scavenging Scarab: The beetles feed not on the flesh of corpses but on the metal, grinding out the iron and steel to add to their own bulky shells.
Scepter of Dominance: "Whether or not you will bow to me is not open to debate. The question is, will I ever let you rise?" / —Fridius, telemin master
Scepter of Empires: "With this scepter, smite your enemies." / —Scepter inscription
Scepter of Fugue: One goes to Tidehollow either to forget or to be forgotten. Either way, the scullers will oblige.
Scepter of Insight: "The road to truth has many branches, and so must the cane with which I walk it." / —Voln the Elder
Schismotivate: "I ran the experiment through the brain of a schizophrenic lab-goblin. My burners' flames fell asleep while the beakers jumped about and shattered. Success!" / —Myznar, Izzet psychomancer
Scholar of Athreos: She asks pointed questions of the dead who wait for Athreos, learning of life from those who are about to leave it.
School of Piranha: Some schools aren't worth getting into.
School of the Unseen: After the terrible retribution visited upon Lat-Nam, this school of mages chose to hide from the eyes of the world.
Scion of Glaciers: "There is nothing so free as the spring river born of winter's ice." / —Nitula, the Hunt Caller
Scion of the Ur-Dragon: "I am the blood of the ur-dragon, coursing through all dragonkind."
Scion of the Wild: It has a hundred thousand extinctions to avenge.
Scissors Lizard: Nothing beats the lizard's shear power.
Scorch the Fields: "Your fields will turn as black as a ghoul's tongue and fire shall be your only harvest." / —Minaldra, the Vizag Atum
Scorched Earth: "Fire cleanses as well as destroys; that is the nature of change." / —Oracle en-Vec
Scorched Rusalka: Each small blaze she sets jogs her memory, letting her piece together the mystery of her own fiery end.
Scorching Spear: Lift your spear as you might lift your glass, and toast your enemy.
Scorchwalker: "Borborygmos's elemental launched an assault, but the Izzet wards held and experiments continue." / —Skyknight report on the Rubblebelt
Scoria Cat: Like a volcano, it too can erupt without warning.
Scoria Elemental: A single molten cord links it to the subterranean furnaces, drawing heat and metal from beneath Kuldotha. Until that bond is cut, it carves a swath of raw destruction.
Scoria Wurm: Late at night, ululations echo from deep under Shiv, as the wurms sing of times older than humanity.
Scorned Villager: "My village's fear drove me into the wild . . ."
Scornful Egotist: "Once I was human. Now I am far more."
Scornful Æther-Lich: "With no flesh, there is no pain, no hesitation, no emotion of any kind. He is crafted perfection." / —Tezzeret
Scourge Servant: "The union of the oil and necrogen has produced many pleasing reactions." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Scourge of Geier Reach: Stensian villagers mourned the loss of human life. Thraben vampire slayers mourned the loss of living wood.
Scourge of Kher Ridges: Doom casts its own flickering shadow.
Scourge of Numai: "Where a once-proud human city stood, only the ruins of Numai remain, deep amid rotting bamboo and plagued by oni." / —The History of Kamigawa
Scourgemark: To members of the cult of Erebos, gold-infused tattoos symbolize the inevitable grasp of the god of death.
Scourglass: "Soon I will sleep, eyes closing to a world tarnished with flesh, and then wake to a polished vision." / —Sharuum
Scouring Sands: When Purphoros cleans the ashes from his forge, entire cities vanish.
Scout the Borders: "I am in my element: the element of surprise." / —Mogai, Sultai scout
Scout's Warning: "There is no tactic I enjoy more than ambushing the ambushers."
Scouting Trek: "I have chosen my path. Who will walk it with me?" / —Eladamri
Scragnoth: It possesses no intelligence, only counter-intelligence.
Scrambleverse: Sometimes a little chaos is in order.
Scrap Mastery: "Where a lesser mind sees junk, I see infinite potential."
Scrapbasket: Once a tool of kithkin farmers, scarecrows of all shapes now skitter and lurch across Shadowmoor, animated by residual rustic magics.
Scrapdiver Serpent: Smart artificers clean up after themselves.
Scrapheap: Junk heaps have rats, but scrapheaps have goblins.
Scrapskin Drake: "The cathars killed my skaabs down below. Let's see how high their swords can reach." / —Ludevic, necro-alchemist
Scrapyard Mongrel: Trespassers are welcome to try.
Scrapyard Salvo: "Squealstokers! Build me a glorious pile of Mirran metal. Then add yourselves to the pile." / —Furnace boss, sector 11
Screaming Fury: He's got an axe to grind.
Screams from Within: There's no escaping an enemy that lives inside your head.
Screams of the Damned: It's important to face your inner demons . . . unless they're the kind of demons that can kill you.
Screeching Bat: The bat has such clarity of hearing that simple sounds become symphonies.
Screeching Griffin: They were master fishers, but their seas are now the streets and their catch, the goblins that run pell-mell from the screeching in the sky.
Screeching Harpy: "They are called ‘fowl' for a reason." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Screeching Silcaw: It's adaptively deaf to its own cries.
Screeching Skaab: Its screeching is the sound of you losing your mind.
Screeching Sliver: "What wears down my people most, I think, is not the danger, but the endless screeching outside our camp." / —Merrik Aidar, Benalish patrol
Scrivener: "History is a potent weapon." / —Karn, silver golem
Scrivener: A good memory is no match for a good scribe.
Scroll Thief: I've learned how to disable wards, pick locks, and decode the Agaran language—all before even reading the scroll!
Scroll Thief: Kapsho merfolk have infiltrated fortresses as remote as the desert citadel in Sunari in their relentless quest for arcane knowledge.
Scroll Thief: The arcane academies along the coast were powerless to protect themselves from the brazen raiders of the Kapsho Seas.
Scroll of Avacyn: Words to bless the eye that reads them, telling of a future beyond the reach of fear.
Scroll of Griselbrand: Words no eyes should see, telling of things no sane mind could fathom.
Scroll of Origins: The words from which language sprang, the knowledge from which thought was born, the story from which history was woven.
Scrounge: When leonin settlers abandon their homes to the nim, items of value are often left behind.
Scryb Sprites: The only sound was the gentle clicking of the Faeries' wings. Then those intruders who were still standing turned and fled. One thing was certain: they didn't think the Scryb were very funny anymore.
Scryb Sprites: The only sound was the gentle clicking of the faeries' wings. Then those intruders who were still standing turned and fled. One thing was certain: they didn't think the Scryb were very funny anymore.
Scryb Sprites: The only sound was the gentle clicking of the faeries' wings. Then those intruders who were still standing turned and fled. One thing was certain: they didn't think the scryb were very funny anymore.
Sculpting Steel: An artificer once dropped one in a vault full of coins. She has yet to find it.
Scute Mob: "Survival rule 781: There are always more scute bugs." / —Zurdi, goblin shortcutter
Scuttlemutt: Built to shuttle goods from the river, it took off one day carrying a cauldron of dyes.
Scuttling Doom Engine: A masterwork of spite, inspired by madness.
Scuzzback Scrapper: The Scuzzback gang scavenges rusty armor covered in barbed protrusions. No threat is more effective than the threat of infection.
Scythe Tiger: Instead of adapting to its environment, it adapts its environment to itself.
Sea Eagle: Where air meets water, fish meets talon.
Sea Gate Loremaster: "He's a living library. He remembers everything our band of explorers has seen, and we can use that to our advantage." / —Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Sea Gate Oracle: "The secret entrance should be near."
Sea God's Revenge: "What has neither mouth nor throat, yet swallows captain, crew, and boat?" / —Sphinx's riddle
Sea Monster: "Abandon ship"
Sea Monster: It's easy to believe the monster is a myth—until you feel three hundred thousand pounds of myth crashing down on your ship.
Sea Monster: Water is life. Or perhaps it is just something to wash it down with.
Sea Serpent: Legend has it that Serpents used to be bigger, but how could that be?
Sea Serpent: Legend has it that serpents used to be bigger, but how could that be?
Sea Snidd: It always has the home-turf advantage.
Sea Spirit: "It rose above our heads, above the ship, and still higher yet. No foggy, ice-laden sea in the world could frighten me more." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Sea Sprite: "No one can catch what won't be caught." / —Kakra, Sea Troll
Sea Sprite: "No one can catch what won't be caught." / —Kakra, sea troll
Sea Troll: "I've seen those Trolls devour a drowning sailor faster than his lungs could fill with water." / —Zeki, Reef Pirate
Sea's Claim: "My vengeance will drown my enemies as my storms drown the desert." / —Ixidor, reality sculptor
Sea's Claim: "Who's the crazy one now!?" / —Torgle, mountaintop boatmaker
Seachrome Coast: Where the Quicksilver Sea laps over the Razor Fields, the landscape reflects the suns' fading hope.
Seacoast Drake: Seacoast drakes have been known to follow ships for hundreds of miles, waiting to snap up garbage, bait, and the occasional sailor.
Seahunter: "They can't feel pain. They just wiggle 'cause they're scared."
Seal of Cleansing: "I am the purifier, the light that clears all shadows." / —Seal inscription
Seal of Cleansing: "I am the purifier, the light that clears all shadows." / —Seal inscription 
Seal of Doom: "A basilisk's gaze is effective, but disposing of physical remains is a tiresome task. It's far more discrete to dissolve one's victim entirely." / —Szadek
Seal of Doom: "I am the banisher, the ill will that snuffs the final candle." / —Seal inscription
Seal of Fire: "I am the romancer, the passion that consumes the flesh." / —Seal inscription
Seal of Fire: "If it breathes, it will burn." / —Rakdos pyromancers' creed
Seal of Fire: After the fourth time Chandra left a place engulfed in flames, she decided to just go ahead and make it her thing.
Seal of Primordium: "I am the simplifier, the root that drags all artifice to earth." / —Seal inscription
Seal of Removal: "I am the unraveler, the loosened thread that will not hold." / —Seal inscription
Seal of Strength: "I am the feeder, the morsel that revives the starving." / —Seal inscription
Sealed Fate: It's good to know more about your enemy's fate than your enemy does.
Search Warrant: "And would you care to explain why your satchel is radiating an aura of unstable energy?"
Search for Survivors: There's no rest for a Keldon.
Searchlight Geist: It rises with the fall of darkness, seeking souls to extinguish.
Searing Blood: Purphoros's blessing: sometimes a boon, sometimes a bane. Always ablaze.
Searing Flesh: Zemoo found out the hard way that "inflammable" and "flammable" mean the same thing.
Searing Meditation: "When I meditate I see the world as it should be. All that does not fit, I remove." / —Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Searing Rays: "This is a battle of pawns, for the highest stakes imaginable." / —Urza
Searing Spear Askari: When the other soldiers of Zhalfir fall, the askaris will yet stand.
Searing Spear: Sometimes you die a glorious death with your sword held high. Sometimes you're just target practice.
Searing Wind: "The first wind of ascension is Forger, burning away impurity." / —Keld Triumphant
Seascape Aerialist: "The sky is like another sea. It teems with currents, life, and endless possibility."
Seashell Cameo: "Today a seashell fell from the empty sky here in Kinymu, a hundred leagues from the sea. I'm torn—shall I carve a woman or a bird?" / —Isel, master carver
Seaside Citadel: For wisdom's sake, it was built high to gaze on all things. For glory's sake, it was built high as a testament of power. For strength's sake, it was built high to repel all attacks.
Season's Beatings: Arriving home, he suddenly longed for the bloodsoaked battlefields behind him.
Seasoned Marshal: "We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat." / —Queen Victoria
Seasoned Marshal: He reads the battlefield like a map, always seeking the shortest route to victory.
Seasoned Marshal: She reads the battlefield like a map, always seeking the shortest route to victory.
Seasoned Marshal: There are only two rules of tactics: never be without a plan, and never rely on it.
Seasoned Tactician: "The benefits of peace far outweigh the pride of Generals." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Seat of the Synod: Lumengrid, site of the Knowledge Pool, source of vedalken arcana.
Secluded Glen: Protected by glamers and guile, Glen Elendra harbors the elusive Oona, queen of the fae.
Second Chance: The greatest gift is the opportunity to right one's wrongs.
Second Guess: "I see where you're going with that. I don't like it." / —Dierk, geistmage
Second Sunrise: The bright tunnel sometimes leads back to life.
Second Thoughts: It suddenly dawned on Jorin that farming was quite a noble profession.
Second Wind: Vindr stormchasers believe that the same ancient forces that move the winds can also move mortal minds and hearts.
Secret Plans: Rakshasa trade in secrets, amassing wealth from their careful revelation.
Secretkeeper: It is all the things that humanity was not meant to know.
Secrets of the Dead: "The veil between the living and the dead is so very thin that the whispers of the ancients can finally be heard." / —Amalric of Midvast Hall
Sedge Scorpion: Thakolides the Mighty / Slayer of minotaurs / Vanquisher of giants / Killed by a scorpion / —Inscription on an Akroan grave
Sedge Sliver: Their flesh is as sodden as the fens in which they live, oozing to fill any wound and squishing to absorb any blow.
Sedge Troll: The stench in the hovel was overpowering; something loathsome was cooking. Occasionally something surfaced in the thick paste, but my host would casually push it down before I could make out what it was.
Sedraxis Alchemist: The problem with a liquid that can dissolve anything is finding something to carry it in.
Sedris, the Traitor King: He bids his minions rise from their graves to their knees.
See Beyond: Ancient lore locked in a mind driven mad is just as safe as when it was locked deep underground.
Seed Spark: "If you ask me, those root-lovers value mindless dogma over progress." / —Trivaz, Izzet mage
Seed the Land: With a sadness and a sense of hope, Senka left the colony of her birth and, with her attendants, set out to serve as broodmistress, founder of a new colony.
Seedborn Muse: "Her voice is the wilderness, savage and pure." / —Kamahl, druid acolyte
Seedborn Muse: "Her voice is wilderness, savage and pure." / —Kamahl, druid acolyte
Seedcradle Witch: She whispered a prayer for strength, and her wishes wafted away like seeds on the wind.
Seedguide Ash: "May you shade three generations of seedlings."
Seeds of Innocence: "I have hidden from the machinations of Zhalfir for centuries. Why should I join your campaign?" / —Jolrael
Seeds of Strength: Beneath the beauty of light and seed is the might of Vitu-Ghazi.
Seedtime: The hippo grows wings to fight the condor. / —Nantuko teaching
Seek the Horizon: "I've seen this great land from every angle. I know its every tree, stone, and river bend. Yet I have come to realize that knowing a thing is not the same as healing it." / —Diary of Azusa
Seek the Horizon: Raked by vertical spikes of glass and stone, Ravnica's vistas offer only a rare glimpse of the horizon.
Seek the Horizon: The Temur call the flickering lights the Path of Whispers, believing that they lead the way to ancestral knowledge.
Seeker of Skybreak: "We shun them not for their dream but for their refusal to let such a noble dream die a noble death." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Seeker of Skybreak: Seekers spend their lives protecting a home they rarely visit.
Seeker of the Way: "I don't know where my destiny lies, but I know it isn't here."
Seer's Sundial: "The shadow travels toward the apex. I predict we will soon see the true measure of darkness."
Seething Pathblazer: "Flamekin death rites are elaborate and spectacular affairs. Their greatest fear is death in obscurity." / —Tollek Worldwatcher, journal
Seething Song: "The purest ore is produced from the hottest furnace, and the brightest thunder-bolt is elicited from the darkest storm." / —Charles Colton
Seething Song: If your flesh can withstand the flame, the spirit of the dragon will burn within your soul.
Seething Song: Vulshok mana rituals echo the day when the red sun burst through Mirrodin's surface to take its place in the heavens.
Segmented Wurm: "If only we could so easily leave behind those parts of ourselves that pain us." / —Crovax
Segovian Leviathan: "Leviathan, too! Can you catch him with a fish-hook or run a line round his tongue?" / —The Bible, Job 41:1
Segovian Leviathan: "Leviathan, too! Can you catch him with a fish-hook or run a line round his tongue?" —Job 40:25
Segovian Leviathan: "Leviathan, too! Can you catch him with a fish-hook or run a line round his tongue?" —The Bible, Job 41:1
Segovian Leviathan: "Leviathan, too! Can you catch him with a fish-hook/ or run a line round his tongue?" —Job 40:25
Seismic Assault: Earth arms itself with fire.
Seismic Assault: The flowstone seemed for a moment to assume Greven's rage—it lunged like a wild beast at the Weatherlight.
Seismic Mage: The ground shakes when he walks. His customers shake if they're late with his fee.
Seismic Shudder: "The land here seems go out of its way to kill you." / —Chandra Nalaar
Seismic Spike: Natural disasters in Ravnica are largely nullified by the Izzet. Unnatural disasters, on the other hand, happen all of the time.
Seismic Stomp: "It is not in me to tread lightly." / —Ryda, geomancer
Seismic Strike: "Life up here is simple. Adapt to the ways of the mountains and they will reward you. Fight them and they will end you." / —Kezim, prodigal pyromancer
Seizan, Perverter of Truth: "If you would taste the wisdom of the oni, be prepared to salt it with your blood." / —Kiku, Night's Flower
Seize the Initiative: The time between spotting a leonin shikari and feeling its claws is just time enough to draw your last breath.
Seizures: "Sheathe your sword, warrior, lest ye fall on it when stricken." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper: Karplusan legend told of an orc so cruel that he burned his own followers in rage—yet so revered that they rose from their pyres to serve him.
Sek'Kuar, Deathkeeper: The orcs believe Sek'Kuar still lives in the Karplusan Mountains, gathering his dead army, intent on revenge.
Selective Memory: "I of all people know that memory is not a safe place to hide valuables." / —Jace Beleren
Selenia, Dark Angel: "I am light. I am dark. I must give my life to serve; not even death can release me." / —Selenia, dark angel
Selenia: Once a guardian of Crovax's estate, Selenia was freed from her magical bindings by the wealthy noble. Instead of remaining at his side, the angel chose to venture out into the world. For reasons unknown to Crovax, Selenia now serves the evil Volrath in his home realm of Rath.
Selesnya Cluestone: "Break it if you must. The loss of one relic is nothing next to the value of enriching us all." / —Suniel the Woodwise
Selesnya Evangel: "The clamor of the city drowns all voices. But together we can sing a harmony that will resonate from Ravnica's tallest spires to her deepest wells."
Selesnya Guildgate: Enter and rejoice! The Conclave stands united, open to one and all.
Selesnya Guildgate: The Selesyna welcome all to help them heal the city's wounds. The price, however, is devotion to the guild and a selfless belief in Trostani.
Selesnya Keyrune: A mark of unity when you want one; a fierce guardian when you need one.
Selesnya Sagittars: "What's their strike range, you ask? Let's put it this way: sagittars aim their bows using maps." / —Otak, Tin Street shopkeep
Selesnya Sentry: Ravnicans still tell tales about the Battle of Sumala where four Selesnya sentries held off an entire clan of Gruul warriors.
Selesnya Signet: The symbol of the Conclave is one of unity, with tree supporting sun and sun feeding tree.
Selfless Cathar: "If I fail to offer myself, we will surely be overrun. My fate would be the same."
Selhoff Occultist: "The mist whispers to those who know it to be more than a mundane fog."
Sell-Sword Brute: "Killing is easy. Just wrap your hand around the haft, and wrap your enemy around the blade."
Seller of Songbirds: "Lady Wren is the one merchant in Keyhole Downs who isn't running a scam." / —Mirela, Azorius hussar
Selvala's Charge: Selvala's arrival never goes unnoticed.
Selvala, Explorer Returned: "The Lowlands refuse to suffer at the whims of the High City."
Semblance Anvil: Forged from what it forges.
Sen Triplets: They are the masters of your mind.
Sengir Autocrat: "A thankless job, and a death sentence besides." / —Eron the Relentless
Sengir Autocrat: "Evil is relative. Do sheep think any better of the shepherd?" / —Baron Sengir
Sengir Bats: "In the face of every one I see the Baron." / —Daria
Sengir Bats: "They are the eyes of the Baron, and they know your fears." / —Ihsan's Shade
Sengir Vampire: Empires rise and fall, but evil is eternal.
Sensation Gorger: More, more, more!
Sensory Deprivation: They call it "stitcher's anesthesia," a spell to deaden the senses while the mad doctors begin their grisly work.
Sentinel Dispatch: "Unusual. Security also worth stealing." / —Dack Fayden
Sentinel Sliver: Through its watchful gaze, all slivers may see.
Sentinel Spider: "Your first reaction may be to stand very still and hope she didn't see you. Trust me, she did." / —Endril, Kalonian naturalist
Sentinels of Glen Elendra: Some say the valley of Glen Elendra is mythical, and that rumors of its existence are nothing but a faerie prank. Others say it is the fae's most fiercely guarded secret.
Sentry of the Underworld: When Athreos gathers the newly dead to be ferried across the Five Rivers That Ring the World, he sends skeletal griffins to fetch those who stray.
Seraph of Dawn: She parts the clouds so sunlight can reach even the darkest lairs and duskiest tombs.
Seraph of the Sword: "Only when my sword lies idle shall I rejoice."
Serendib Efreet: Summoners of efreeti remember only the power of command, never the sting of regret.
Serendib Sorcerer: "Even a dragon is humble as a kitten if it thinks itself a slave."
Serene Heart: "If magic is your crutch, cast it aside and learn to walk without it." / —Teferi
Serene Master: "A great warrior studies many different disciplines and takes the best from each." / —Gideon Jura
Serene Offering: "A sacrifice made in peace is worth a dozen made in panic." / —Orim, Samite healer
Serene Remembrance: While Lazav schemed and Niv-Mizzet researched, Trostani sought the future in the whispers of the past.
Serene Sunset: The armies paused, silent, as the warriors reflected on the sunsets of their youth.
Serenity: "Just think of me as the storm before the calm." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Serpent Warrior: A hiss before dying.
Serpent Warrior: They are incubated by swamp gases and cut their teeth on zombie flesh. Serpent warriors are not to be trifled with.
Serpent Warrior: They're the fiercest of all the Western Paladin's soldiers. They're also the most fiercely loyal—but that loyalty comes at a price.
Serpent's Gift: Venom is nature's way of redressing the imbalance between weak and mighty.
Serpentine Kavu: Under Yavimaya's peaceful facade beat the hearts of many savage beasts.
Serra Advocate: An angel's blessing prepares a soldier for war better than a thousand military drills.
Serra Advocate: An angel's touch can prepare a soldier for battle more than a thousand military drills.
Serra Angel: Born with wings of light and a sword of faith, this heavenly incarnation embodies both fury and purity.
Serra Angel: Follow the light. In its absence, follow her.
Serra Angel: Her sword sings more beautifully than any choir.
Serra Angel: Perfect justice in service of a perfect will.
Serra Angel: When she flies above the good, they consider themselves blessed. When she flies above the wicked, they consider themselves dead.
Serra Avatar: "Serra isn't dead. She lives on through me."
Serra Avenger: "Those who endure in the face of suffering, those whose faith shines long in evil days, they shall see salvation." / —Song of All, canto 904
Serra Aviary: "Serra, like Feroz, is long since dead. But remember, Daria: her spirit shall survive so long as the Homelands do." / —Taysir
Serra Paladin: "Would that I could be a Paladin again, but the dead hold no place among their ranks." / —Ihsan's Shade
Serra Paladin: One light, one blade, one purpose. / —Vow of the Serra Paladins
Serra Sphinx: Sphinxes drink from the mystic meres of Serra's realm, where their keen eyes watch reflections of what is and what is yet to come.
Serra Zealot: "The humans are useful in their way, but they must be commanded as the builder commands the stone. Be soft with them, and they will become soft." / —Radiant, archangel
Serra's Blessing: "I have seen your strength imbued in angels' wings, and I have felt your sorrow rain down on the ruins brought by the Lord of the Wastes." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Serra's Blessing: "Rise, and I will show you how to run without flagging, fight without raging, and fly without wings."
Serra's Boon: "The light of an angel's glance is warm, but her fixed stare blinds and burns." / —Calexis, deacon of the New Order of Serra
Serra's Embrace: "Lifted beyond herself, for that battle Brindri was an angel of light and fury." / —Song of All, canto 524
Serra's Embrace: "With one breath, the newborn angel took to the air . . . and the world sighed." / —The Book of Serra
Serra's Embrace: The touch of Serra's angels bears hopes aloft and empowers noble causes.
Serra's Sanctum: A fragile cocoon of dreaming will.
Serra: Named for a benevolent goddess at birth, Serra fulfilled the prophecy of that goddess's coming. As a planeswalker, she embodies white mana and helps whole civilizations develop while both directly and indirectly inspiring countless individuals to be steadfast and strong in the service of light.
Serrated Biskelion: "Whereas I was created to protect, the biskelion was created to destroy." / —Karn, silver golem
Serum Raker: The serum from the blinkmoths they gather greases the joints of witch engines.
Servant of Nefarox: "My cause is power, and at the altar of power I will gladly forfeit my soul."
Servant of Tymaret: Life is most precious to those who have already lost it.
Servant of Volrath: "Volrath is a harsh master. My reflection is a constant reminder of that." / —Greven il-Vec
Seshiro the Anointed Avatar: CHK Participation Avatar
Seshiro the Anointed: His family was the first to reach out to the human monks. He soon knew as many koans as he did blade strikes.
Set Adrift: The envoy spoke, and Sidisi replied.
Setessan Battle Priest: "Your god teaches you only how to kill. Karametra teaches me to defend what I hold dear. That is why I will prevail."
Setessan Griffin: Most griffins must be caught and broken into the service of the polis. Not so in Setessa, where they volunteer.
Setessan Oathsworn: "Setessa is not the city of my birth, but it is the place I fight for, and the place I'm willing to die for. Does that not make it my home?"
Setessan Starbreaker: "Who says you cannot touch the stars?"
Seton, Krosan Protector: "Survival of the fittest is not only the law of the pits, it is the law of nature. That is why I fight."
Sever Soul: "The mortal world is a grove of sweet fruit, and I am ready to harvest it." / —Fallen angel
Sever Soul: "With the proper tools, even the Great River can be dammed." / —Ta-Spon, Cho-Arrim executioner
Severed Legion: No one in Aphetto answers a knock at the door after sundown.
Sewer Rats: You lie down with rats, and the rats run away. / —Suq'Ata insult
Sewerdreg: They hardly have form, dripping through pipe and grate with the slip and stench of flowing sewage.
Sewn-Eye Drake: "Too wary to charge, too prudent to serve. Not anymore." / —Sedris, the Traitor King
Shackles: "It could be worse," said Gerrard, looking around. "Well, maybe not."
Shackles: Shackles of gold are still shackles.
Shade's Breath: The grim business of the Coliseum casts long shadows.
Shadow Guildmage: To keep the dead so others may live. / —Shadow Guild maxim
Shadow Lance: Shadow lances are crafted from harvested souls. The more wicked the sinner, the keener the blade.
Shadow Rider: In its world of complete darkness, it has no shadows to fear.
Shadow Sliver: These slivers, trapped between worlds since the Rathi overlay, are among the last to claim direct lineage from the lost Sliver Queen.
Shadow of Doubt: "Your ignorance is my bliss." / —Szadek
Shadowbane: Light creates shadow; light destroys shadow. Such is the transience of darkness.
Shadowblood Egg: "Does your passion for power consume your soul?" / —Watnik, master glassblower
Shadowblood Ridge: The carnage of conflicts long past still stains the Otarian soil.
Shadowcloak Vampire: "My favorite guilty pleasure? Are there innocent ones?"
Shadowfeed: "The future is a snake, devouring your life backwards through time. And when you die, believe me, it doesn't stop feeding." / —Sedris, the Traitor King
Shadowstorm: "You've not seen a storm until you've seen the kind that roars between worlds." / —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Shaleskin Bruiser: Its only predators are the elements.
Shallow Grave: Good help is hard to dig up.
Shaman of Spring: Some shamanic sects advocate the different seasons, each working to preserve nature's cycles.
Shambling Attendants: "Let the world behold what becomes of those who defy us." / —Taigam, Sidisi's Hand
Shambling Strider: Freyalise forbid that any stranger should wander into the Striders' territory.
Shambling Strider: Freyalise forbid that any stranger should wander into the striders' territory.
Shambling Swarm: Chainer's madness personified, it exists only to slaughter the innocent.
Shanodin Dryads: Moving without sound, swift figures pass through branches and undergrowth completely unhindered. One with the trees around them, the Dryads of Shanodin Forest are seen only when they wish to be.
Shanodin Dryads: Moving without sound, swift figures pass through branches and undergrowth completely unhindered. One with the trees around them, the dryads of Shanodin Forest are seen only when they wish to be.
Shanodin Dryads: Where dryads dance, seeds sprout and flowers bloom.
Shape Stealer: "Stand back. I know just what to do." / —Kiki-Jiki, Mirror Breaker
Shaper Guildmage: Shape this world in Zhalfir's image. / —Shaper Guild maxim
Shapesharer: One good mimic deserves another.
Shapeshifter: Born like a Phoenix from the Flame, / But neither Bulk nor Shape the same. / —Jonathan Swift, "Vanbrug's House"
Shard Convergence: Alara is broken no more.
Shard Volley: "Let the mountain's teeth pierce our oppressors."
Sharding Sphinx: Whether mechanical or biological, life finds a way to propagate itself.
Shared Animosity: "It is the nature of souls that they burn more brightly together than apart." / —Vessifrus, flamekin demagogue
Shared Discovery: Riches must be divided, but real wealth can be shared.
Shared Triumph: "Win together, die alone."
Sharpened Pitchfork: Not everyone can have a sword of blessed silver. Not everyone needs one, either.
Sharuum the Hegemon: To gain audience with the hegemon, one must bring a riddle she has not heard.
Shatter: "I am an artist, a builder, a creator . . . I create the biggest explosions around." / —Krol, goblin furnace-priest
Shatter: "Let the past be the past. Do not call up that which you cannot put down. Destroy that which destroyed us, so long ago." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Shatter: "Such fuss over machines, Gerrard. Remember that you are the prize of the Legacy. Throw away your toys!" / —Orim, Samite healer
Shatter: Days of planning. Weeks of building. Months of perfecting. Seconds of smashing.
Shatter: The ogre's mind snapped. The bow was next. The archer followed quickly after.
Shattered Angel: She preaches the blessings of the Machine Orthodoxy.
Shattered Crypt: "You must be mad to want one such as I aboard the Weatherlight. But I would be mad to remain here with my rotting family. I accept." / —Crovax
Shattered Dreams: Victims are lucky if they remember ever having had what was lost.
Shattered Perception: "You must shatter the fetters of the past. Only then can you truly act." / —Rem Karolus, Blade of the Inquisitors
Shattering Blow: "Aurelia seems too eager to solve her problems by delivering them to oblivion." / —Prime Speaker Zegana
Shatterskull Giant: "Now I know why they call it Shatterskull Pass. Rocks fell all night like hammers smashing an anvil. It's no wonder the giants are angry all the time." / —Mitra, Bala Ged missionary
Shatterstorm: Chains of leaping fire and sizzling lightning laid waste the artificers' handiwork, sparing not a single device.
Shatterstorm: From a marvel of magical mechanization to a smoking stack of scrap in one easy step.
Shauku's Minion: "My minions serve me in the light; I serve no one." / —Shauku, Endbringer
Shelkin Brownie: Leave a bowl of milk on your doorstep each night for the brownies, or they'll cause you no end of mischief.
Shell Skulkin: Skulkins confer strange benefits on unsuspecting patrons.
Shelter: Good strategists seize opportunities. Great strategists make their own.
Sheltering Prayers: "It matters not if the gods hear my prayers. Jamuraa does."
Shepherd of Rot: "My priests swore loyalty to the Cabal not until death, but beyond it." / —Cabal Patriarch
Shepherd of the Lost: "Should you fall in the wilds, lift your voice to the Sky Realm. The one who answers will be your salvation." / —Emeria's Creed
Shield Bearer: "You have almost completed your four years, my son. Soon you shall be a Skyknight." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Shield Bearer: "You have almost completed your four years, my son. Soon you shall be a skyknight." / —Arna Kennerüd, skyknight
Shield Dancer: The harder your strike, the stronger her defense.
Shield Mate: They bear weightier burdens than the shields they carry.
Shield Sphere: "My Soldiers know that they need never fear for their protection." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Shield Sphere: "My soldiers know that they need never fear for their protection." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Shield Wall: "If not for the wizard, we'd all be dead now. 'Course, it was him that started all this in the first place." / —Onean veteran
Shield Wall: The strongest walls are made not of stone or steel but of the focused strength of warriors.
Shield of Duty and Reason: The duty: to defend. The reason: to survive.
Shield of the Ages: "This shield is a true rarity: an artifact whose purpose is obvious." / —Arcum Dagsson, / Soldevi Machinist
Shield of the Ages: "This shield is a true rarity: an artifact whose purpose is obvious." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Shield of the Avatar: We are made stronger by those we fight for. / Designed by Richard Garriott
Shielded Passage: Izzet delved into the depths of Ravnica's past, and Selesnya followed without fear.
Shieldmage Advocate: "Our unity conquers all fears."
Shieldmage Elder: "You may fight if I deem your cause worthy."
Shieldmate's Blessing: "Even land dwellers may call for Emeria's grace in times of need." / —Emeria's Creed
Shields of Velis Vel: Changelings can alter shape based on what the beings around them desire most.
Shifting Sky: Master the sky and you rule everything beneath it. / —Metathran saying
Shifting Sliver: Once the last few slivers the Riptide Project controlled were dead, there was nothing to keep the island from being completely overrun.
Shifting Wall: "You'd almost think Volrath doesn't want me here." / —Gerrard
Shimatsu the Bloodcloaked: Their dominion over dark and destructive forces twisted the oni into beings of pure malevolence.
Shimian Night Stalker: "When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out/ Contagion to this world." / —William Shakespeare, Hamlet
Shimian Night Stalker: "‘Tis now the very witching time of night,/ When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out/ Contagion to this world." —William Shakespeare, Hamlet
Shimmer Myr: It evades Phyrexians by hiding in the spaces between seconds.
Shimmer: To buy unseen land, pay in unseen coin. / —Suq'Ata maxim
Shimmering Efreet: Life or death: which is the illusion?" / —Naimah, Femeref philosopher
Shimmering Glasskite: A child's whisper could crack its shell, but not even an oni's scream could penetrate it.
Shimmering Grotto: "This is the price of being last in the food chain. We must keep our places of beauty hidden away instead of displayed for all to see." / —Hildin, priest of Avacyn
Shimmering Grotto: Once each year, the sun's rays reach the hidden chamber of Velis Vel, and the changelings congregate from afar to bathe in the ever-shifting light.
Shimmering Grotto: Untold riches await those who forsake the bustling world to search the secret, silent places.
Shimmering Mirage: "Oh, is that all you need? Why didn't you just say so?" / —Reef shaman
Shimmering Wings: "I leave words like ‘impossible' to the rabble. Whatever I imagine, I can create." / —Ixidor, reality sculptor
Shimmering Wings: "Wings are but fins for swimming the sky." / —Empress Galina
Shimmering Wings: The brighter the wings, the deeper the impact crater.
Shinka Gatekeeper: "Understanding is not a virtue of the ogre. Do not seek to reason your way into Shinka Keep." / —Kiku, Night's Flower
Shinka, the Bloodsoaked Keep: The glow from within looks inviting, but woe awaits whomever finds out who stokes the fire or what simmers in the pot.
Shipwreck Singer: Her melody melds death and beauty with such artistry that even the gods weep to hear it.
Shiv's Embrace: "Wear the foe's form to best it in battle. So sayeth the bey."
Shiv's Embrace: When you see the world as a dragon sees it, everything looks fit to burn.
Shivan Dragon: The undisputed master of the mountains of Shiv.
Shivan Dragon: While it's true most Dragons are cruel, the Shivan Dragon seems to take particular glee in the misery of others, often tormenting its victims much like a cat plays with a mouse before delivering the final blow.
Shivan Dragon: While it's true most dragons are cruel, the Shivan dragon seems to take particular glee in the misery of others, often tormenting its victims much like a cat plays with a mouse before delivering the final blow.
Shivan Gorge: Both forge and pyre.
Shivan Harvest: "The blood of your ancestors ran heavy on this soil. Now it's your turn to sacrifice for the glory of Shiv." / —Viashino heretic
Shivan Hellkite: A dragon's scale can be carved into a mighty shield, provided you can procure a dragontooth to cut it.
Shivan Oasis: Only the hardiest explorers survive to eat the fruit.
Shivan Phoenix: To strike down the phoenix is to slash at the flame.
Shivan Wumpus: It's easier to move the village than to divert the wumpus.
Shivan Zombie: Barbarians long for a glorious death in battle. Phyrexia was eager to grant that wish.
Shizo, Death's Storehouse: Centuries ago, Shizo was a verdant field of wildflowers. After 891 samurai died in a single battle on its grasses, it became a haunted moor.
Shoal Serpent: "It's like a reef that runs aground on ships." / —Jaby, Silundi Sea nomad
Shock Troops: War is a conflict that determines not who is right—but who is left.
Shock Troops: When goblins blow themselves up, it's called stupidity. When humans do, it's called heroism.
Shock: "I love lightning It's my best invention since the rock." / —Toggo, goblin weaponsmith
Shock: "Once I saw a goblin shouting at a thunderstorm. He lost the argument pretty quickly." / —Wandering mage
Shock: "The beauty of it is they never see it coming. Ever." / —Razzix, sparkmage
Shock: Lightning tethers souls to the world. / —Kor saying
Shock: Lightning tethers souls to the world. —Kor saying
Shoe Tree: It grows several feet a year.
Shore Snapper: Kathari, the sickly aven of Grixis, have learned that the corpses by the shoreline are more trap than treat.
Shorecrasher Mimic: The Aurora replaced the changelings' innocence with malice and their curiosity with hunger.
Shoreline Raider: "This strange new beast makes for an excellent meal. Get me more." / —Empress Galina
Shoreline Salvager: "They search for treasures that wash up from the depths. Tracking one could lead you to riches. Or in circles." / —Javad Nasrin, Ondu relic hunter
Shoving Match: Rishadan barkeeps know something the Mercadians have yet to learn: if you keep pushing, someone will eventually push back.
Show and Tell: At the academy, "show and tell" too often becomes "run and hide."
Show of Valor: "Duty, honor, and valor are either in your heart or they are not. You will never know for certain until you are tested." / —Ajani Goldmane
Show of Valor: Cowards watch. Heroes act.
Shower of Sparks: The viashino had learned how to operate the rig through trial and error—mostly error.
Showstopper: The audience quickly realized a few things: it wasn't a magic trick, there wasn't candy in there, and they'd need new clothes.
Shrapnel Blast: From trinket to trauma.
Shrapnel Blast: It requires immense pressure to imbue an item with magic. If the spell is broken . . .
Shrapnel Blast: To the Krark Clan, every artifact has a trigger and a barrel.
Shredding Winds: "Enemies of the wood! Your presence here is a slap in Nylea's face. Do not be surprised if she slaps back." / —Telphe, druid of Nylea
Shriek Raptor: "That's no glint hawk. The skies have changed for the worse." / —Ria Ivor, White Sun partisan
Shriek of Dread: When Crosis roared, the battle ended and the slaughter began.
Shriekgeist: Wounds of the flesh are easy to heal. Wounds of the mind may never be undone.
Shrieking Affliction: A gargoyle's voice reaches pitches that will shatter glass and warp bone.
Shrieking Drake: "Kaervek believes the drakes' cries herald his victory; in truth, they mourn aloud for his impending demise." / —Teferi
Shrieking Grotesque: Orzhov mage-sculptors bring their stone to life before they carve it. The shrieking begins as soon as the mouths are formed.
Shrieking Mogg: You have to admire its enthusiasm.
Shrink: "Do not fear adversity. Let your courage be your strength." / —Onatah, Anaba Shaman
Shrink: "Do not fear adversity. Let your courage be your strength." / —Onatah, Anaba shaman
Shrink: "May you decrease like coal upon the hearth . . . Evaporate like water in a pail, Become as little as a linseed-grain . . . And so diminish that you come to nothing." / —Anglo-Saxon curse
Shrink: "The smallest beast can yet have the greatest heart." / —Gemma, Willow Priestess
Shrivel: "Do not weep for the frail. Their time couldn't have been that far off." / —Nathrac, plaguesower
Shrivel: "Have you ever killed insects nibbling at your crops? I think that's what the Eldrazi believe they're doing to us." / —Sheyda, Ondu gamekeeper
Shrouded Serpent: Many travelers have wandered into a fog only to find that it had teeth, claws, and an appetite.
Shu Cavalry: In establishing the Shu kingdom, Liu Bei's forces fought against Ma Chao at Chengdu. Eventually, Ma Chao surrendered and became one of Liu Bei's Tiger Generals.
Shu Defender: Confronting Cao Cao's army at Steepslope Bridge, Zhang Fei bellowed, "I am Zhang Fei of Yan! Who dares fight me to the death?" Cao Cao's army cowered and fled.
Shu Elite Companions: Throughout the three kingdoms, important generals were often guarded by small groups of expert soldiers known as "elite companions."
Shu Elite Infantry: Kongming's first campaign against the Wei kingdom was a rousing success until an arrogant Shu general, Ma Su, foolishly lost the city of Jieting.
Shu Farmer: "The common folk are ceaselessly active. The fields are fertile and the soil productive, and neither flood nor drought plagues us." / —A Shu diplomat
Shu Foot Soldiers: Liu Bei lost many men at the battle of Runan because of his lack of strategy. It wasn't until he met Kongming that he began to truly succeed as a leader.
Shu Grain Caravan: Keeping a million-man army fed was no easy task. Grain and rice caravans were the lifeblood of the empire.
Shu Soldier-Farmers: During Kongming's campaigns against the Wei, his Shu troops rotated from the battlefront to the fields every hundred days.
Shuko: "One scratch on a wall meant safe passage, two that the target had already been raided, and three warned of a trap." / —Weaponry of Kamigawa
Shunt: "You might want to work on your aim."
Shunt: Aranghil held her fury in her heart, hard and bright as a ruby. With its razor edge, she rewrote the laws of battle.
Shyft: "Capturing this specimen was not easy. Study it well, that you someday might be as versatile." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Shyft: "Capturing this specimen was not easy. Study it well, that you someday might be as versatile." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Sibilant Spirit: "Relax. I'm sure it's just a snake hissing." / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Sibilant Spirit: "Relax. I'm sure it's just a snake hissing." / —Avram Garrisson, leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Sibilant Spirit: She had expected death to roar, to thunder, to growl. She did not recognize it when it came hissing to her side.
Sick and Tired: The Phyrexians' only interest in organic life is discerning its weakness.
Sicken: Urza dared to attack Phyrexia. Slowly, it retaliated.
Sickening Dreams: The Patriarch dreams of vile plague.
Sickle Ripper: His sickle was forged in the heat of another cinder's funeral pyre.
Sidar Jabari: "Prophecy is whatever one makes of it, but destiny cannot be changed." / —Sidar Jabari
Sidar Kondo: Kondo served as guardian to the infant Gerrard and raised him alongside his own son, Vuel. He taught both boys to be strong and to lead, but whereas Gerrard became a champion of honor, Vuel's bitterness led him to become an equally devastating force of malice.
Side to Side: His friends at the gym never knew Garanth's secret shame. For years he had tried to walk away from professional arm wrestling, but hey—free monkeys.
Sideswipe: Hisoka's wizards struggled for years to master the art of redirection that came so naturally to the shamans of Ganzan Pass.
Sidewinder Sliver: "They encircled our patrol with the stealth of snakes, corralling us like livestock." / —Merrik Aidar, Benalish patrol
Sidisi's Pet: The Sultai distinguish between pet and slave by the material of the chain.
Siege Behemoth: "Hold the line, hold the li—" / —General Srok, last words
Siege Mastodon: "Defending the citadel is easy. I just take these big fellows outside the main gate and let the enemy take a good long look." / —Mastodon keeper
Siege Mastodon: "The walls of the wicked will fall before us. Ready the siege engines. We proceed to war!" / —General Avitora
Siege Rhino: The mere approach of an Abzan war beast is enough to send enemies fleeing in panic.
Siege Wurm: The Rubblefield was once among the wealthiest districts in Ravnica. All it took was a single wurm to reduce it to ruins.
Siegecraft: "They thought their fortress impregnable . . . until we marched up with ours, and blocked out the sun." / —Golran, dragonscale captain
Sift: "Twice I have let the Legacy slip away. Never again." / —Karn, silver golem
Sift: Dwell longest on the thoughts that shine brightest.
Sigarda, Host of Herons: Great devotion yields great reward.
Sightless Ghoul: It blindly marches on Thraben's gates, guided by its master's direful will.
Sigil Blessing: "For unwavering commitment and unflinching strength, the Order of the White Orchid confers its sigil. Rise, knight-captain, and do your duty."
Sigil Captain: "One sigil awarded for valor, the other awarded for surviving Hellkite's Pass."
Sigil Tracer: "The reflection is true. It is you who are distorted and false."
Sigil of Sleep: Arrows are only one way to remove an enemy.
Sigil of the Empty Throne: When Asha left Bant, she ensured that the world would have protection and order in her absence.
Sigil of the Nayan Gods: As the elves learned the hymns of angels, the knights learned the roars of titans.
Sigil of the New Dawn: "We lay our dead to rest in a beautiful bed, in hopes that the Ancestor will think it a fit cradle for the next life." / —Mystic elder
Sigiled Behemoth: "Do not mistake a behemoth's assistance for subservience." / —Mayael the Anima
Sigiled Paladin: Each sigil marks the recognition of a great deed and signifies a duty owed to the one who granted it.
Sigiled Skink: The runes seem to come alive as it moves, rippling like slow flames across its scales.
Sigiled Starfish: Kruphix hid the most dire prophecies about humankind where humans would never find them and tritons wouldn't care to read them.
Sign in Blood: "You know I accept only one currency here, and yet you have sought me out. Why now do you hesitate?" / —Xathrid demon
Sign in Blood: Little agonies pave the way to greater power.
Signal Pest: It leaps from tree to tree, revealing the enemy's positions.
Signal the Clans: Gruul clanfolk obey few rules, but all feel bound to answer the call of the horn.
Silence: "All the wizardry in the world has to pass through one small and easily sealed door." / —Ajani Goldmane
Silence: "Take a quiet moment to reflect on your sins." / —Cleph, Order of Redeemed Souls
Silent Arbiter: Scholars say that arbiters exist on every world, created by an unknown hand to enforce justice.
Silent Artisan: On the fourth day they passed through a forest of immense stacked stones. Althemone, youngest of the companions, called these pillars the work of a god, but the Champion knew better. She quickened her pace. / —The Theriad
Silent Assassin: She feels no need to disturb her victim's slumber.
Silent Attendant: "The answer to life should never be death; it should always be more life, wrapped tight around us like precious silks."
Silent Departure: The same magic that lets geists pass through our realm can force them out of it.
Silent Sentinel: It serves a justice higher than the whims of the gods.
Silent-Chant Zubera: When the Honden of Cleansing Fire was abandoned, its attendants swarmed Kamigawa to erode mortal will.
Silhana Ledgewalker: Street folk call them "spire mice," but behind the mockery is an unspoken envy of the ledgewalkers' skill at avoiding harm.
Silhana Starfletcher: In light he finds both gift and weapon.
Silk Net: Sometimes it's possible to pull a meal out of thin air.
Silkbind Faerie: "The bigger they are, the more fun it is to watch them fall flat on their faces."
Silkenfist Fighter: Simple wooden staff / Made from life, protecting life, / Stronger than cold steel.
Silkenfist Order: Hands weave life and death; / Intertwining spirits knit / Tapestries and shrouds.
Silklash Spider: By the time the spider comes to slurp up its dinner, its victims have been partially dissolved by acidic silk.
Silklash Spider: The only thing that flies over the Krosan Forest is the wind.
Silt Crawler: If they could replenish the land instead of draining it, Jamuraa would be teeming with them.
Silver Erne: "I've seen a larger Erne knock a Giant to the ground and stay airborne. They move not with the wind, but as the wind." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Silver Knight: "Hammer out your doubts as you forge your weapon. To slay a dragon, your resolve must be stronger than your steel."
Silver Knight: Otaria's last defense against the wave of chaos threatening to engulf it.
Silver Myr: The myr are like quicksilver: malleable in function and adaptable in form.
Silver Myr: The vedalken saw the myr as toys, unaware of the intelligence lurking behind their empty eyes.
Silver Seraph: A symbol of hope for hopeless times.
Silver-Inlaid Dagger: Magical etchings turned a whittler's tool into a wolfhunter's weapon.
Silverback Ape: His true majesty is not in his silver, but in his size.
Silverback Ape: It does not wear a crown or sit on a throne of gold, but those who have witnessed its power hail it nonetheless.
Silverchase Fox: "Be careful in your hunt. The clever little creature can steal your wards and lead you right into the werewolf's den." / —Britta, midwife of Gatstaf
Silverclaw Griffin: It patrols the grafs for miles around Thraben, ensuring that the unhallowed do not wake for long.
Silvercoat Lion: "In the wild, white fur like mine is an aberration. We lack natural camouflage, but the inability to hide encourages other strengths." / —Ajani Goldmane
Silvercoat Lion: Hunters of every species on the savannah, silvercoats disdain camouflage in favor of total dominance of the food chain.
Silvergill Adept: "I bring baubles of lore, lost secrets seined from the listening waves."
Silvergill Douser: The Silvergill school monitors traffic on the Lanes, ensuring that the riffraff don't interfere with travelers.
Silverskin Armor: Partisan spies warned that no armor would protect the body from Phyrexian infection. Neurok strategists took that as a challenge.
Silvos, Rogue Elemental: He was born of the Mirari, thrust out of his homeland before he was even aware. Left without purpose or meaning, he found both in the pits.
Sima Yi, Wei Field Marshal: Sima Yi fought for four generations of the Cao family before his own grandson became emperor and united the three kingdoms.
Simian Brawler: "It's odd to see the apes rip down trees to arm themselves in defense of their forests." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Simian Grunts: These monkeys mean business.
Simian Spirit Guide: "All my spells smell like burnt hair lately." / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Simic Charm: "We measure our progress in heartbeats." / —Prime Speaker Zegana
Simic Cluestone: Simic symbols are among the most intricate and fragile, yet few vandalize them for fear of the strange lifeforms that might be released.
Simic Guildgate: Enter and comprehend the perfection of orchestrated life.
Simic Guildgate: Simic biomancers don't concern themselves with guarding a gate. Their ever-present creations are enough to ward off trespassers.
Simic Initiate: Simic initiates begin their training as experimental subjects. Failures are flushed to the undersewers.
Simic Ragworm: "Infused with autochthon blood for size and hellion cells for speed, the ragworm is perfect for clearing the undergardens of both rats and vagrants." / —Yolov, Simic bioengineer
Simic Signet: For the Simic Combine, its sigil serves not as an emblem of honor but as a trademark. Its familiar image on any biological commodity attests to superb craftsmanship, ingenious innovation, and higher cost.
Simic Sky Swallower: "We've bred out the shortcomings of the species' natural form and replaced them with assets of our own design." / —Momir Vig
Simoon: "The black-and-white sacred monkey holds her children to her, and waits." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Simoon: Hot wind whipped up as if the weather itself wanted to fight Phyrexians.
Simplify: A blossom's petals close inward to shut out the frost. / —Nantuko teaching
Sin Collector: "That must weigh heavily on your soul. Let me purge it for you."
Sinew Sliver: As the muscle cords of the creature twitched, Hanna saw an unsettling unanimity in the others' rippling flesh. She didn't know what it meant, but she urged Sisay to keep the ship at a safe distance.
Singe-Mind Ogre: Even the balmgivers of Bant couldn't heal the incurables, but sharing their torment helped.
Singe: Burnt flesh. Blackened soul.
Sinister Possession: "You caught something on a cold night's stroll? No, I'd say something caught you." / —Mezim Magrah, civic healer
Sinister Strength: "I bless the living with a song of death." / —Lord Dralnu
Sinstriker's Will: "Steel rusts. Arrows break. But righteousness is always strong, always sharp."
Sip of Hemlock: Conspirators poisoned the oracle not because her visions were wrong, but because they were right.
Sir Shandlar of Eberyn: "Remember Sir Shandlar! Remember and stand firm!" / —rallying cry of the Eberyn militia
Sir Shandlar of Eberyn: "Remember Sir Shandlar! Remember and stand firm!" —rallying cry of the Eberyn militia
Sire of Insanity: Its victims become mindless lunatics. Conveniently, that's the first step in joining the Cult of Rakdos.
Sire of the Storm: This storm blows gales through the dreams of men.
Siren Song Lyre: A siren once tried to steal it out of jealousy but was caught by the song of its strings.
Sirocco: "Blow, fiery wind, / strip illusion from the eye. / Blow, fiery wind of truth." / —Femeref chant
Sisay's Ring: "I'm not one for pretty things," said Sisay. "Unless they're pretty useful as well."
Sisay's Ring: "With this ring, you have friends in worlds you've never heard of." / —Sisay, Captain of the Weatherlight
Sisay: While captain of the Weatherlight, Sisay undertook a quest for the Legacy, a collection of artifacts needed to defeat the Lord of the Wastes. She continued this quest even when Gerrard, heir to the Legacy, chose to abandon it. Sisay is devoted to the cause of good at whatever price.
Sisters of Stone Death Avatar: RAV Prize Avatar
Sisters of the Flame: We are many wicks sharing a common tallow; we feed the skies with the ashes of our prey.
Sivitri Scarzam: Even the brave have cause to tremble at the sight of Sivitri Scarzam. Who else has tamed Scarzam's Dragon?
Six-y Beast: Is it six?
Sizzle: "Of course you should fight fire with fire. You should fight everything with fire." / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Sizzle: Explosions ripped through the ship overhead, and those unfortunate enough to be directly below scrambled to find cover.
Skaab Goliath: "Three heads, six arms, and some armor grafts are better than . . . the normal numbers of those things." / —Stitcher Geralf
Skarrg Goliath: "They bind us with their laws. We free ourselves with nature's fist." / —Nikya of the Old Ways
Skarrg, the Rage Pits: "This palace will be our fire-spit, and roasted prince our victory meal. Send in the torch-pigs!" / —Ghut Rak, Gruul guildmage
Skarrgan Skybreaker: "The sky isn't falling—it's being thrown at us!" / —Otak, Tin Street shopkeep
Skeletal Changeling: Though they lack true flesh and bone of their own, changelings imitate either with equal ease.
Skeletal Crocodile: The less flesh there is, the more teeth there seem to be.
Skeletal Grimace: "And then I realized we all have skeletons on the inside. Why wait until the bodies are dead to control them?" / —Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Skeletal Kathari: Undeath doesn't end the kathari's search for carrion; it only removes one corpse from the Dregscape.
Skeletal Scrying: His family was a small price to pay for the dark gifts that called to him.
Skeletal Snake: They watched as the snake shed layer after layer until only cold bone remained.
Skeletal Wurm: Necromancers are judged by the most powerful undead they've ever created. There are those who have animated just a single being, yet are considered the pinnacle of their dark craft.
Skeleton Shard: Metal permeates the marrow of every bone in Mephidross—except one.
Skeleton Ship: "The sea gives up her dead as easily as the soil." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Skeletonize: Fire burns away both flesh and freedom.
Skillful Lunge: "Valor is a currency of the living that serves us well." / —Cosper Lowe of the Silbern Guard
Skinbrand Goblin: "These Gruul skin-runes—discern whether their patterns evoke streets, leylines, or both. You have four days." / —Niv-Mizzet, to his assistant
Skinrender: "Your creations are effective, Sheoldred, but we must unite the flesh, not merely flay it." / —Elesh Norn, Grand Cenobite
Skirge Familiar: The first Yawgmoth priest to harness their power was rewarded with several unique mutilations.
Skirk Alarmist: "I treat each day as your last."
Skirk Drill Sergeant: "I order you to volunteer."
Skirk Fire Marshal: He's boss because he's smart enough to get out of the way.
Skirk Outrider: Once the goblins thought about it, they preferred being atop a slateback to being in front of, behind, or underneath one.
Skirk Prospector: "I like goblins. They make funny little popping sounds when they die." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Skirk Shaman: In a shaman's grimy hands, a concoction of dried Skirk Ridge herbs can become the face of panic.
Skirsdag Cultist: "Within blood is life. Within life is fire. Within fire is the path to our masters' glory!"
Skirsdag Flayer: Certain initiates into the Skirsdag cult take a vow of blindness, pledging obedience to none but demonkind.
Skirsdag High Priest: "Thraben's pleas fall on deaf ears. Ours do not."
Skittering Horror: "This monstrosity will do—for now." / —Davvol, Evincar of Rath
Skittering Invasion: "The brood spread far faster than we could kill it. I fear the worst is yet to come." / —The War Diaries
Skittering Monstrosity: Most living things were weakened and stunted in the ruinous aftermath of the Phyrexian invasion, but a few grew more horrid than ever.
Skittering Skirge: The imps' warbling cries echo through Phyrexia's towers like those of mourning doves in a cathedral.
Skittish Kavu: Fierce when roused, this breed of kavu is easily distracted by a strong voice or melodic tune.
Skred: "This close to Rimewind Keep, no avalanche is nature's doing." / —Ukoten, centaur chieftain
Skulking Fugitive: In the Cateran guild, being caught is a capital offense.
Skulking Ghost: "They exist only so long as the living take no notice." / —Kifimbo, Shadow Guildmage
Skull Catapult: "Let any who doubt the evil of using the ancient devices look at this infernal machine. What manner of fiend would design such a sadistic device?" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Skull Catapult: "Let any who doubt the evil of using the ancient devices look at this infernal machine. What manner of fiend would design such a sadistic device?" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Skull Catapult: "What manner of fiend would design such a sadistic device?" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Skull Collector: "Your blood I'll use. Your skull I'll keep."
Skull Rend: "We could never accept anyone with a face that pretty or a mind that sane." / —Nyoser, Gore-House ringleader
Skull of Orm: Though lifeless, the Skull still possessed a strange power over the flow of magic.
Skull of Orm: Though lifeless, the skull still possessed a strange power over the flow of magic.
Skull of Ramos: Ramos fell, and there was night.
Skullcage: Only a focused mind can survive it.
Skullclamp: The mind is a beautiful bounty encased in an annoying bone container.
Skullcrack: The lawmage's argument was clever and well reasoned, but Blunk's response proved irrefutable.
Skullmead Cauldron: Once tasted, the flavor of skullmead lingers in the throat, a secret brand of guilt for those who partake in forbidden pleasures.
Skullscorch: "A good whack on the head usually has the same effect." / —Kamahl, pit fighter
Skulltap: "Finally, a use for that head of yours." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Sky Ruin Drake: "Hold up your spears. And try not to look like food." / —Tarsa, Sea Gate sell-sword
Sky Spirit: "Like a strain of music: easy to remember but impossible to catch." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Sky Swallower: Would you trade the world for such a pet?
Sky Weaver: "Let my wisdom give you wings."
Sky-Eel School: They swim on tides few can see, away from a threat few yet understand.
Skyblinder Staff: "If bats are the only thing between me and a mountain of Orzhov coins, then I'm about to be a very rich thief."
Skyclaw Thrash: Their newfound wings shined elegantly and functioned partially.
Skycloud Egg: "Have your dreams of a better society become an obsession?" / —Watnik, master glassblower
Skycloud Expanse: From Otaria, the sun above meets the sea below at a glittering horizon.
Skyfire Kirin: Its fiery visitation burns away the fog of war and dissipates the ties of loyalty.
Skygames: Both Boros and Azorius scout the games in hopes of recruiting the finest athletes.
Skyhunter Cub: Every young leonin wishes to become a skyhunter, for they soar closest to the suns.
Skyhunter Patrol: "They are the first to raise the alarm when the levelers attack, and the first to risk their lives to defend the pride." / —Raksha Golden Cub, leonin kha
Skyhunter Patrol: "We leonin have come to rule the plains by taking to the skies." / —Raksha Golden Cub
Skyhunter Prowler: "If what I have seen comes to pass, we will need our guardians more than ever." / —Ushanti, leonin seer
Skyhunter Prowler: As tireless as her mount, a skyhunter's vigil is measured in days.
Skyhunter Skirmisher: "Like dawn's first light, blind the unprepared and banish the shadows." / —Skyhunter creed
Skyhunter Skirmisher: "Take the deadly grace and strength of the leonin, combined with a pteron mount capable of rending a foe in two and armed with notched steel. That is a skyhunter—and why Taj-Nar has never fallen." / —Raksha Golden Cub
Skyknight Legionnaire: "I do not know which gives me more pride: the legions of soldiers marching in thunderous lockstep, or the cry of the skyknights riding their rocs like jagged lightning overhead." / —Razia
Skyknight Legionnaire: I do not know which gives me more pride: the legions of soldiers marching in thunderous lockstep, or the cry of the skyknights riding their rocs like jagged lightning overhead. / —Razia
Skyknight Legionnaire: Millennium Platform, once a monument to peace, was quickly seized by the skyknights for its strategic aerial location.
Skylasher: "It preys on those who would spy on our lands, so we never prey on it." / —Kroshkar, Gruul shaman
Skyline Predator: "It will dodge your first arrow and flatten you before there's a second." / —Alcarus, Selesnya archer
Skymark Roc: "Try not to look guilty. Or delicious." / —Thorpe, street urchin
Skyreach Manta: As the dawns break, the manta soars.
Skyrider Trainee: "Of course I plan on going up. Kang here is the most trusted 'fin on the squad. Afraid? Me? No, I'm just . . . waiting for the right wind conditions."
Skyscribing: "All clouds should be so organized." / —Isperia
Skyshaper: "It'll get us to the portal, but I can't guarantee what it'll do to the ship." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Skyshroud Archer: In Rath, arrows are guided not by virtue but by necessity.
Skyshroud Blessing: "Behold," said Freyalise to Eladamri. "Your Skyshroud home has followed you to Dominaria."
Skyshroud Claim: The forest's constant struggle is to keep the spreading flowstone at bay.
Skyshroud Condor: Condor's flight augurs sleepless night. / —Skyshroud proverb
Skyshroud Elf: "It is our duty to endure." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Skyshroud Elite: "Civilization is a conspiracy to disguise the mutilation of nature." / —Skyshroud elite creed
Skyshroud Falcon: The earliest mystics believed that the falcon slit the sky to let the light break through.
Skyshroud Falcon: The falcon slits the sky to let the light drip through. / —Kor saying
Skyshroud Poacher: "It's OK. They're just elves."
Skyshroud Ranger: "Just as you see the grave and remember the friend, I see this forest and remember Llanowar." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Skyshroud Ranger: Not even the elves truly know the Skyshroud Forest. The rangers are merely the best equipped to handle its uncertainty.
Skyshroud Troll: The elves and merfolk have nothing but bitterness for each other. The trolls, however, find them both rather tasty.
Skyshroud Troopers: "We were not made for war. Like flowstone, Volrath shaped us to it." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Skyshroud Vampire: "If it tastes one drop of elvish blood I will cast it from the shroud to see it burn." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Skyspear Cavalry: Pray her spear reaches you first. Her griffin is less kind.
Skyward Eye Prophets: They lament the doom that is coming to Bant without realizing the part their own leaders have played in it.
Skywinder Drake: It's so light and fragile that it can glide where the air is thinnest.
Skywing Aven: "I am as the wind that bears me: harsh yet gentle, fleeting yet ever-present. Together we fly beyond imagination."
Slag Fiend: "Seal the furnace vents. Admit no others. We'll tend our forges without their tainted ways." / —Decree of Urabrask
Slagstorm: "As long as we have the will to fight, we are never without weapons." / —Koth of the Hammer
Slash Panther: It runs an endless circuit along the ruined roads of the soon-to-be-forgotten Mirran civilization.
Slashing Tiger: "Unless you enter the tiger's lair, you cannot get hold of the tiger's cubs." / —Sun Tzu, Art of War (trans. Giles)
Slate Street Ruffian: "Merciless to the point of psychosis. Let's give him a job." / —Zelinas, Orzhov recruiter
Slate of Ancestry: The pattern of life can be studied like a book, if you know how to read it.
Slaughter Cry: "Since when did ‘AIIIEEEE!' become a negotiation tactic?" / —Nikou, Joraga bard
Slaughter Cry: It's rather embarrassing to end up with your head mounted over his hearth.
Slaughter Pact: Death is only the beginning of the end.
Slaughterhorn: The Orzhov clergy would never cross its path, but sending thrull couriers to do so is cheap and entertaining.
Slaughterhouse Bouncer: A Rakdos party is a flop if anyone lives to talk about it.
Slave of Bolas: Nicol Bolas doesn't distinguish between servants and victims.
Slavering Nulls: Having lost their minds, they now want yours.
Slay: The elves had the edge in guile, skill, and valor. But in the end, only sheer numbers mattered.
Slayer of the Wicked: You don't want to see his trophy room.
Slayers' Stronghold: Its courtyards are lit during every hour of the day so that night may never fall within its walls.
Sleep: "I give them dreams so wondrous that they hesitate to return to the world of the conscious." / —Garild, merfolk mage
Sleight of Hand: "Gambling with mages never is." / —Remin, venerable monk
Sleight of Hand: "Most people believe magic is only a trick. Why change their minds?"
Slice in Twain: "The hypocrisy of these elves is thicker than steel—destroying ‘unnatural metal' with their own enchanted swords." / —Kara Vrist, Neurok agent
Slime Molding: "Give me enough refuse and mana and I will summon an ooze that can engulf all of Ravnica." / —Cevraya, Golgari shaman
Slimy Kavu: Its slime liquefies the ground as efficiently as its fangs shred prey.
Slingbow Trap: The Tajuru elves devised ways to let the forest defend itself.
Slingshot Goblin: It's most effective when it doesn't eat the ammunition.
Slinking Giant: "I need a better hiding place."
Slinking Serpent: It winds its way through undergrowth as easily as it swims through shallows.
Slinking Skirge: Davvol encouraged the skirges; they made excellent sentries and were quite edible if properly seasoned.
Slippery Bogle: Bogles are very tasty if you can get the skin off. It's getting a blade on them that's the problem.
Slipstream Eel: "It's a fine way to travel, if you don't mind the smell."
Sliptide Serpent: It's futile to fight something you can see only in the corner of your eye.
Slith Ascendant: Instinctively drawn to the light of its "mother-sun," each slith follows that sun's path around Mirrodin.
Slith Bloodletter: Goblins fear the slith, believing they are children banished from the womb of the Steel Mother, deep within Kuldotha.
Slith Firewalker: The Sligh incubate in the Great Furnace's heat, emerging on Mirrodin's surface only when the four suns have aligned overhead.
Slith Firewalker: The Sligh incubate in the Great Furnace’s heat, emerging on Mirrodin’s surface only when the four suns have aligned overhead.
Slith Firewalker: The slith incubate in the Great Furnace's heat, emerging on Mirrodin's surface only when the four suns have aligned overhead.
Slith Predator: Born amid the molten metal of the Great Furnace, the slith have more than adapted to the perils of a metal world.
Slith Strider: A slith's form and function are determined by the color of the sun under which it's born.
Slitherhead: "It makes better use of Uncle Dragi's head than he ever did." / —Pesha, retired blacksmith
Sliver Construct: Slivers destroy those who come close to the Skep, the central hive. Shards of torn metal litter the ground as a warning to any artificers inquisitive about the hive's inner workings.
Sliver Hivelord: "This is the source, the line unbroken since the calamity that brought such monsters to our shores." / —Hastric, Thunian scout
Sliver Legion: Hidden within the clicking, chittering swarm is a unique mind, still young, but growing more aware as time passes.
Sliver Overlord: The end of evolution.
Sliver Queen Avatar: ST Participation Avatar
Sliver Queen, Brood Mother: Though long held captive beneath Volrath's stronghold, the sliver queen is actually freer than most of Rath's denizens. Her maternal instincts always take precedence—even when they conflict with the evincar's agenda—and through her numerous litters, she ranges across all of Rath.
Sliver Queen: Her children are ever part of her.
Sliversmith: After centuries of labor, its creations outnumber those they were to mimic.
Slobad, Goblin Tinkerer: "I used to joke that he had been exiled for being too smart. Now I know why he never laughed." / —Glissa Sunseeker
Sludge Strider: Underneath the cities of Esper are cycles of life unseen by those who feed them.
Sluggishness: Vark decided to lie down and think of a good excuse to quit working.
Slum Reaper: It's sent into unguilded districts by the Orzhov to collect the souls of those no one will miss.
Smallpox: "Great losses often bring only a numb shock. To truly plunge a victim into misery, you must overwhelm him with many small sufferings." / —Ratadrabik of Urborg
Smallpox: Take away a few things, and a rebellion may ensue. Take away everything, and the oppression will be accepted as fate.
Smart Ass: "I don't get it. Why doesn't anybody like me?"
Smash to Smithereens: The giant Tarvik dreamed that trinkets and machines caused all the world's woe. When he awoke from his troubled sleep, he took the name Tarvik Relicsmasher.
Smash: "They're ugly, and they're in my way." / —Tahngarth
Smash: Ravnica's laws protect not its citizens but its industry. Aging equipment is destroyed rather than restored, to bring more money into the factories' coffers.
Smelt: "Looks like that wasn't darksteel after all." / —Koth of the Hammer
Smite the Monstrous: "The dragons thought they were too strong to be tamed, too large to fall. And where are they now?" / —Khibat the Revered
Smite the Monstrous: Though the old holy wards and roadside shrines have begun to fail, faith in Avacyn still holds true power.
Smite: "Sure, today of all days, he asked to borrow my boots!" / —Darijo, Ivy Street ruffian
Smite: "The mighty rely solely on their strength. They are shocked when we do the same." / —Tars Olan, kor world-gift
Smite: "You've got your childhood wish at last. Now you get to die." / —Gerrard, to Volrath
Smog Elemental: "The skies used to be my refuge, a place of peace away from the chaos below. Now, with every flight, death seems to follow me like a shadow." / —Writings of Cica, Skyjek scout
Smogsteed Rider: "An entire order of mages who draw their power from Ravnica's smog? Yet another indicator of our world's decay." / —Dravash, dowsing shaman
Smoke Teller: "See your enemies from a thousand sides. Then you will find a thousand ways to kill them."
Smokebraider: "Be silent and listen to your inner fire. Only then can you walk the Path of Flame."
Smokespew Invoker: The Mirari festers in its flesh.
Smolder Initiate: "Life is a circle. Death is a vicious circle."
Smoldering Butcher: A cinder's axe bears no marks from parrying a foe's blade.
Smother: "Before I hire new recruits, I test how long they can hold their breath. You'd be surprised how often it comes up." / —Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Smother: "I can't hear them scream, but at least I don't have to listen to them beg." / —Phage the Untouchable
Snake Basket: "Uh, does anyone have a flute?" / —Rana, Suq'Ata market fool
Snake Pit: If the ground is smooth, the way will be rough. / —Deepwood saying
Snake of the Golden Grove: Some fruits are best left ungathered.
Snakeform: Losing his possessions distressed him, but the lack of limbs was strangely liberating.
Snap: Good riddance.
Snapback: "If it returns years hence, our knowledge of how to combat it will be that much greater." / —Andorel, Tolarian sentinel
Snapping Creeper: Its vast network of roots and vines keeps it aware of distant dangers.
Snapping Drake: Drakes claim to be dragons—until the dragons show up.
Snapping Drake: Foul-tempered, poorly trained, and mule-stubborn, the drake is the perfect test of the master's will.
Snapping Drake: The irritable drakes are solitary nesters. Even brooding females barely contain the urge to attack their own young.
Snapsail Glider: Built from a reconfigured thresher, it charges with light reflected off the golden plain, ready to take to the air in case of danger.
Snare the Skies: A hunter's precision and a durkvine's strength are a potent combination.
Snarling Undorak: Most creatures in the Krosan Forest feared the Mirari's power. A few fed upon it.
Sneak Attack: "Nothin' beat surprise—'cept rock."
Sneaky Homunculus: Keep watch only for the giants and you'll be eaten by the ants.
Snorting Gahr: There's little advantage to surprising the gahr.
Snow Devil: "Give me wings to fly and speed to strike. In return, the glory I earn shall be yours." / —Steinar Icefist, Balduvian Shaman
Snow Devil: "Give me wings to fly and speed to strike. In return, the glory I earn shall be yours." —Steinar Icefist, Balduvian Shaman
Snow Hound: "If you're starving, eat your horses, your dead, or yourself—but never eat your dog." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Snow Mercy: WARNING: Shake gently. Contents may cause choking, hypothermia, and/or planar invasion.
Snowhorn Rider: Sure-footed, strong-willed, and ill-tempered—and so is the ram.
Snuff Out: "The bigger they are, the faster they rot."
Snuff Out: Squee watched his Kyren cousins fall with a mixture of sympathy and relief.
Soar: "Would you give up your hands to fly? That is what the birds have done." / —The One Thousand Questions
Soilshaper: It spoke with the voice of nature, but its words were curses spat upon humankind.
Sokenzan Bruiser: "We camped near the Sokenzan Mountains. Though I know its inhabitants are sparse, I hear cries coming from the highest peaks every night, as if the mountains themselves bellow for vengeance." / —Lost Battalion, message to General Takeno
Sol Grail: "Look deep into the Grail, and see there what you desire most." / —Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Sol Grail: "Look deep into the Grail, and see there what you desire most." —Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Sol Ring: Lost to time is the artificer's art of trapping light from a distant star in a ring of purest gold.
Soldevi Adnate: "An idiot cannot hear sense, even when a thousand people speak it." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Adnate: "People love to follow fools; they don't feel so alone then." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Digger: "This ceaseless device has helped uncover marvels unreachable by mere flesh." / —Arcum Dagsson, / Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Digger: "This ceaseless device has helped uncover marvels unreachable by mere flesh." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Soldevi Golem: Slow and steady wins the race.
Soldevi Heretic: "In the arms of tragedy, there is little comfort in being right." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Heretic: "It cannot be Soldev crushed, and my machines to blame?" / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Machinist: "Perhaps this time the power of the artificers shall be used wisely." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Sage: "Our underground archives grow daily, as our excavators and sages alike dig to uncover hidden wonders." / —Arcum Dagsson, / Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Sage: "To hide the truth is more than folly—it is fatal." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Sage: "To hide the truth is more than folly—it is fatal." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi heretic
Soldevi Sentry: "A dreadful invention. What ease is there under the watchful eye of cold steel?" / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Sentry: "Our newfound security enables us to turn more of our attentions to the wonders that lie deep within the soil." / —Arcum Dagsson, / Soldevi Machinist
Soldevi Simulacrum: They look human— / until they bleed.
Soldevi Simulacrum: They look human—until they bleed.
Soldevi Steam Beast: "Dagsson saw the steam as life-giving—until his followers felt its scalding touch." / —Sorine Relicbane, Soldevi Heretic
Soldevi Steam Beast: "Nothing has ever broken my heart so much as this—the betrayal of Soldev by my beloved machines"Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Soldier Replica: It fights with inhuman vigor.
Soldier of Fortune: "Loyalty to coin alone is loyalty nonetheless." / —General Varchild
Soldier of the Pantheon: "I hear the gods' voices in my dreams each night, and I offer bloody trophies on their altars each day."
Solemn Offering: "A relic donation is suggested." / "The suggestion is mandatory." / —Temple signs
Solemn Offering: "You will be reimbursed for your donation." / "The reimbursement is spiritual." / —Temple signs
Solemn Offering: "You will be reimbursed for your donation.""The reimbursement is spiritual." / —Temple signs
Solfatara: "A burst of hot air tossed the moon into the air, and the moon liked it up there so much it never needed the ground again." / —Azeworai, "Glitter Moon"
Solidarity: "We must all hang together, or assuredly we shall all hang separately." / —Benjamin Franklin
Solidarity: Their commitment to Serra is as solid as any shield.
Soliton: The gemini engines had lost connection with each other and wandered apart, developing an independent awareness of their surroundings.
Soltari Crusader: "Carry war to the Dauthi, no matter the way, no matter the world." / —Soltari battle chant
Soltari Emissary: Alone at the portal, Ertai began his meditation. He realized immediately that he was not alone.
Soltari Foot Soldier: "Children of the Ruins, raised to be warriors, know that life begins when another speaks their names." / —Soltari Tales of Life
Soltari Lancer: "In times of war the victors rarely save their best for last." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Soltari Monk: "Prayer rarely explains." / —Orim, Samite healer
Soltari Priest: "Fire is the test of gold; adversity of strong men." - Seneca, "On Providence," trans. Basara
Soltari Priest: "In Rath," the priest said, "there is even greater need for prayer."
Soltari Trooper: "Dauthi blood is Soltari wine." / —Soltari Tales of Life
Soltari Trooper: "Dauthi blood is soltari wine." / —Soltari Tales of Life
Somber Hoverguard: The vedalken interrogate all intruders—once the hoverguards are done with them.
Somberwald Dryad: The Somberwald is her domain, and she has yet to hear an acceptable excuse for trespassing.
Somberwald Sage: "You can face any danger when all of nature is on your side."
Somberwald Spider: Stensian vampires encourage spiders near their manors so they can rob the webs.
Somberwald Vigilante: He has nothing left but his resentment.
Somnomancer: "Are you tired? You look tired."
Song of Blood: Purraj sang slaughter and danced death.
Song of Serenity: Heartwood brings peace in great symphonies where dryads conduct the trees through every note.
Song of the Dryads: Few who encounter the strange, human-like grove leave once the lilting chorus of the dryads reaches their ears.
Songs of the Damned: Not wind, but the breath of the dead.
Songstitcher: The true names of birds are songs woven into their souls.
Sonic Burst: Music scythes the savage beast.
Soot Imp: "If one gets in your chimney, you're going to need a long wick and a barrel of bangstuff to get it out." / —Hob Heddil
Sootfeather Flock: They pick at the remains of the city's corpse.
Soothing Balm: Orim taught Ta-Karnst and the other Cho-Arrim healers a far less invasive method of healing.
Soothsaying: The vizier's wisdom proved invaluable in untangling the Mercadian knot of lies.
Sootstoke Kindler: "Nothing warms my heart better than a spirit kindled with rage."
Sootwalkers: "Why allow the fires of others to burn, when ours do not? Why leave them content, while we suffer? If there is to be misery, let it be borne by all."
Sophic Centaur: He endures the pain of remembering Krosa as it once was and hopes that a future generation will have need of his memories.
Soratami Cloudskater: "You hide your actions from eyes on the ground, but nothing escapes the clouds."
Soratami Mirror-Mage: "The clouds obey my whims, and you'll obey theirs."
Soratami Savant: "To prevent, one must first predict."
Soratami Seer: Their mirrors show two worlds: that which is and that which should be.
Soraya the Falconer: "Soraya speaks with the hunters of the air, as do all of her family line." / —Autumn Willow
Sorcerer's Strongbox: Simun the Quiet filled the chest with his most precious thoughts. But in a fit of paranoia, he locked up the memory of where he hid the key.
Sorceress Queen: "We have always counted time with sand; this pinch is your meaningless life." / —Nailah, self-proclaimed Queen of Rabiah
Sorcerous Sight: Do not react; anticipate.
Sorin's Thirst: "All your steel won't protect you if your will is weak."
Sorin's Vengeance: "Cherish these last moments. Though your miserable life has come to nothing, I have given it a magnificent end."
Soul Barrier: "The Soul selects her own Society— / Then—shuts the Door—" / —Emily Dickinson, / "The Soul selects her own Society"
Soul Barrier: "There's more than one way to skin an Ouphe—or thwart a mage." / —Gustha Ebbasdotter, / Kjeldoran Royal Mage
Soul Bleed: Whether the end comes swift or slow, it always comes too soon.
Soul Channeling: Driven by masters more terrible than the Mercadians could imagine, the dark overseers would pay any price to keep their shipwrights working.
Soul Charmer: She seeks the warmth of the living.
Soul Conduit: "You have an unhealthy attachment to your selfhood. I can help you with that." / —Malcator, Executor of Synthesis
Soul Feast: "I smell the tang of a mortal's fresh blood. I hear it sliding wetly beneath its skin. My hunger cannot refuse the invitation." / —Yuri, Sengir vampire
Soul Feast: As no one has ever accepted a second invitation to Davvol's table, the evincar often dines alone.
Soul Feast: Evil often dines alone.
Soul Feast: You are who you eat.
Soul Link: They danced like puppets to a tune only Yawgmoth could hear.
Soul Manipulation: "Birth and death are both reversible." / —Nicol Bolas
Soul Nova: Within seconds, the nim was consumed in blinding sunfire. Afterwards, only a puddle of molten iron remained.
Soul Parry: "I was called to this world of steel, and it will be my steel that answers." / —Elspeth Tirel
Soul Reap: Their thoughtweft carried Darial's last thoughts back to his doun. They sorely wished it had not.
Soul Rend: "Since I cannot stop death, I choose to stop life." / —Kaervek
Soul Sculptor: Does the stone mimic life, or did it once live?
Soul Shepherd: "The sidar who raised me had a saying: ‘The first step into death is the hardest.'" / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Soul Shred: It would be a shame to let life slip away to nothing.
Soul Snare: "Body and spirit are sworn enemies. They will take any excuse to be rid of each other." / —Tariel, Reckoner of Souls
Soul Snuffers: They once sought to unite with the flame of transcendence. Now they seek only to extinguish the lights of others.
Soul Strings: Everyone is manipulated. It's just more obvious with the dead.
Soul Warden: "One does not question the size or shape of the grains of sand in an hourglass. Nor do I question the temperament of the souls under my guidance."
Soul Warden: Count carefully the souls and see that none are lost. / —Vec teaching
Soul of Magma: "In every other mind, the battle was lost. General Takeno alone was not touched by despair. Drawing his blade, he was attack and rallying cry in one." / —Battle of Akagi River: A Survivor's Tale
Soul of the Harvest: It's there when a seed sprouts, when gourds ripen on the vines, and when the reapers cut the grains under the Harvest Moon.
Soul's Attendant: In truth, her own faith was gone, trodden in Ulamog's wake. She pantomimed the blessing in the hope that it would inspire others to continue to struggle.
Soul's Fire: An avatar he sculpts of anger and flame.
Soul's Grace: An avatar he sculpts of fellowship and light.
Soul's Majesty: An avatar he sculpts of wisdom and strength.
Soul's Might: An avatar he sculpts of instinct and force.
Soulbound Guardians: The kor's most righteous dead are given the greatest reward: an eternity tied to the land they so cherish.
Soulbright Flamekin: When provoked, a flamekin's inner fire burns far hotter than any giant's forge.
Soulcage Fiend: Vowing to free the souls of her children, Kastinne followed the tormentors into the ghastly network of caves below Stensia.
Soulcatcher: "Holy couriers guide aven spirits up to the home of the Ancestor." / —Mystic elder
Soulcatcher: "Their spirits walk the winds and fill my soul."
Souldrinker: Don't drink and thrive.
Soulless One: "Surrender your soul to me."
Soulmender: "Healing is more art than magic. Well, there is still quite a bit of magic."
Soulquake: The Maelstrom sent a wave of raw mana through the battlefield, carrying off the fighting and fallen alike.
Souls of the Faultless: "More horrible than their empty forms are their noble eyes. I dare not strike." / —Klattic, Boros legionnaire
Soulscour: "I have seen the end of times, a future in which all our kind are torn from this world." / —Ushanti, leonin shaman
Soulshriek: "The flesh is a casket for the soul." / —Shauku, Endbringer
Soulsurge Elemental: It draws its strength from those around it, but the pleasure of destruction is all its own.
Soulsworn Jury: In death, as in life, they protect the Grand Arbiter from exposure to contrary points of view.
Sound the Call: "If you call the wolves, ensure you have a worthy hunt, or you may become the hunted." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Southern Elephant: Neither predator nor prey, the elephant chooses its place in the battle.
Southern Elephant: While defending their southern borders, both the Wu and Shu kingdoms fought against the barbarians' trained elephants.
Southern Paladin: "How can anyone fight so much yet enjoy it so little?" / —The Western Paladin
Southern Paladin: "Look to the south; there you will find peace and serenity." / —The Book of Tal
Sower of Temptation: One glamer leads him far from home. The next washes away his memory that home was ever anywhere but at her side.
Spare from Evil: "As long as we can utter a prayer or lift a weapon, we have the power to fight back." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Spark Elemental: Vulshok shamans could never keep them alive for more than a few seconds, yet those few seconds seemed to be enough.
Spark Elemental: Vulshok shamans summon spark elementals to burn paths through thick underbrush—or through goblin salvage squads.
Spark Jolt: Acolytes of Purphoros hammer the world until they see the sparks of change.
Spark Mage: The Pardic Mountains are known for their spicy cuisine.
Spark Spray: It's the only kind of shower goblins will tolerate.
Spark Trooper: Izzet-designed conductors atop Sunhome charge empty sets of armor that give form to the fluctuating elementals.
Sparkmage Apprentice: Pajik was amazed and pleased at his newfound powers. His pet cat Rivin was slightly less enthusiastic.
Sparkmage Apprentice: Sparkmages are performance artists of sorts, but pain is the price of admission.
Sparksmith: "If it didn't hurt, how would I know it worked?"
Sparring Golem: "Part drill sergeant, part training dummy," thought Gerrard. "I hope it can stand up to a real war."
Spatial Binding: Time is the one shackle you can't break. / —Zhalfirin aphorism
Spatula of the Ages: At last Urza's powers were focused through the incredible artifact. / "Who wants pancakes?" he asked.
Spawn of Rix Maadi: "Straight from the blood-drenched imagination of our illustrious parun!" / —Nyoser, Gore-House ringleader
Spawn of Thraxes: Sparks from Purphoros's forge fill the belly of every dragon.
Spawnbroker: "The trick isn't setting up the bad trade. It's making each side think it got the better deal."
Spawning Breath: Death by death, Kozilek's lineage spread.
Spawning Grounds: It's the only water source in miles of desert, but the local tribes avoid it at all costs.
Spawnwrithe: Its victims feel only an itchy, wriggling feeling just under their skin. By then, it's far too late.
Spear of Heliod: Legend speaks of the Sun Spear, the mighty weapon that can strike any point in Theros, even the depths of the Underworld.
Spearbreaker Behemoth: Few Nayans dare hunt the gargantuans. They're regarded not as animals but as forces of nature, like landslides or typhoons.
Species Gorger: "We raised eelhawks to control the squidflies, then waspcrabs to prey on the eelhawks. Now what do we do with all these waspcrabs?" / —Gulistan, Simic biomancer
Specter's Wail: As he gritted his teeth to focus through the pain, Tahngarth glanced at Takara. She seemed completely unaffected.
Spectral Bears: "I hear there are Bears—or spirits—that guard caravans passing through the forest." —Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Spectral Bears: "I hear there are bears—or spirits—that guard caravans passing through the forest." / —Gulsen, abbey matron
Spectral Flight: "The church looks down on binding spirits into armor, but now I can look down on them." / —Dierk, geistmage
Spectral Force: "The spirits of old have not left us unguarded." / —Uros, Pendelhaven elder
Spectral Guardian: "A treasure to guard other treasures is worth the highest price." / —Mtai, Civic Guildmage
Spectral Lynx: A shadowy version of its corporeal cousin, this lynx hunts souls, not meals.
Spectral Procession: "I need never remember my past associates, my victims, my mistakes. Innistrad preserves them all for me." / —Sorin Markov
Spectral Procession: "The dead have it easy. They suffer no more. If breaking their rest helps the living, so be it." / —Olka, mistmeadow witch
Spectral Rider: Never a word. Never a warning. Only the sound of hoofbeats along the crossways, and the screams of the avenged.
Spectral Searchlight: The first searchlights were given as gifts, symbols of cooperation, to the emissaries present at the signing of the Guildpact.
Spectral Shield: "What can be a stronger shield than concealment? Have you ever defeated an enemy you didn't know existed?" / —Gerda Äagesdotter, / Archmage of the Unseen
Spectral Shield: "What can be a stronger shield than concealment? Have you ever defeated an enemy you didn't know existed?" / —Gerda Äagesdotter, Archmage of the Unseen
Spectral Sliver: "Sure, I've seen agents of the Cabal here and there. Well, not here, and certainly not in any of the sliver labs. Oh dear, I've said too much." / —Apprentice researcher
Spell Blast: "Perhaps you could try throwing a rock? That might be better suited to your intellect."
Spell Blast: Call it the thinking mage's version of brute force.
Spell Burst: The brutish mage's version of thinking.
Spell Counter: Playing Unhinged, . . .
Spell Pierce: "There's a hole in your plan." / —Noyan Dar, Tazeem lullmage
Spell Rupture: "Like water, mana will drain from an inferior vessel." / —Jalan Tosk, Simic forcemage
Spell Snare: Every culture has its unlucky numbers. In a city where you're either alone, in a crowd, or being stabbed in the back, two is the worst number of all.
Spell Snip: "Magic cast through a hand of flesh is just as weak as the flesh itself." / —Lodus of the Ethersworn
Spell Syphon: Warrik Brutehexer felt betrayed that his aura favored the depths of the Wanderbrine River over its rightful place, hovering around him.
Spellbane Centaur: "No mage's deception can harm those who keep nature balanced."
Spellbook: "Everything the wise woman learned she wrote in a book, and when the pages were black with ink, she took white ink and began again." / —Karn, silver golem
Spellbook: Knowledge knows no bounds.
Spellbound Dragon: A king in Jund, a serf in Esper.
Spellbreaker Behemoth: "Some think its immunity to countermagic evolved because of the constant mage attacks on Naya. I think it just ate a bunch of wizards." / —Broka, drumhunter
Spellgorger Barbarian: The epidemic insanity had a lasting effect on certain barbarians—but no one noticed.
Spellheart Chimera: Thaumaturges remain silent around chimeras, lest their words conjure even stranger beasts.
Spellshock: A snap of fingers, a snap of teeth.
Spellskite: "Let's show Vorinclex that progress doesn't always need teeth or claws." / —Malcator, Executor of Synthesis
Spelltithe Enforcer: His assistants calculate the amount of the tribute. He measures out the punishment for delinquency.
Spellwild Ouphe: "You'd think that their big glowing eyes would be almost hypnotic to look at. In fact, it's the other way around—they are entranced by nearly everything they see." / —Balecki, Spellwild druid
Sphere of Duty: Duty subdues instinct.
Sphere of Grace: Grace repels darkness.
Sphere of Law: Law smothers anarchy.
Sphere of Purity: Purity rejects artifice.
Sphere of Reason: Reason exposes deception.
Sphere of Resistance: A sphere pushes equally in all directions.
Sphere of Safety: The Rakdos believe that all are eager to join their revels, even when told otherwise.
Sphere of Truth: Truth tempers fanaticism.
Sphinx Sovereign: "What rises without legs, whispers without a voice, bites without teeth, and dies without having life?"
Sphinx of Jwar Isle: "Even if the sphinxes do know the location of every relic, getting one to talk is harder than just searching yourself." / —Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Sphinx of Magosi: "A riddle is nothing more than a trap for small minds, baited with the promise of understanding."
Sphinx of the Chimes: "I've dreamt of the future, Isperia. Danger is on the horizon. You must heed my warning."
Sphinx of the Steel Wind: No one has properly answered her favorite riddle: "Why should I spare your life?"
Sphinx's Disciple: Few dare to brave the Dakra Isles. Those who return are forever changed.
Sphinx's Herald: He calls a riddle through the gaps of cloven clouds, hoping for an answer.
Sphinx's Revelation: "Let the knowledge of absolute law inspire you to live a life of absolute order."
Sphinx-Bone Wand: Its host's final curse lies captured within.
Spidersilk Armor: It hardly weighs anything, but it takes all day to remove.
Spiderwig Boggart: Auntie Flint was the first to pioneer the spiderwig, a mass of arachnids intended to be worn rather than eaten.
Spidery Grasp: "Nobody's seen the Lady of Videns for years. Poor dear, no companions at all in that old castle." / —Yonda of Gavony
Spike Jester: For the Rakdos, "suicidal charge" and "good showmanship" are one and the same.
Spiked Baloth: If a baloth isn't hungry, it's dead.
Spikeshot Elder: Now that he knows a thousand ways of hurting people, his next shamanic quest is to discover a thousand more.
Spikeshot Goblin: The path of a goblin shaman is a journey through a thousand ways of hurting people.
Spiketail Drake: "The spell will have to wait," said Alexi, pointing up. "Drakes."
Spiketail Drakeling: Drakelings fish with their tails, angling to snare succulent thoughts and memories on their psychic hooks.
Spiketail Hatchling: It dodges waves of water to prepare for waves of magic.
Spin Engine: "It will be battle-ready before our strike at Oxid Ridge, and it will guarantee our victory." / —Ketuc of the Helm
Spinal Graft: "This one has not screamed enough to show effective implantation. Kill it." / —Volrath
Spinal Villain: "Striking silent as a dream, / Cutting short the strangled scream . . ." / —Tobrian, "Watchdragon"
Spinal Villain: "Striking silent as a dream,/ Cutting short the strangled scream . . ." —Tobrian, "Watchdragon"
Spincrusher: It rolls with the punches.
Spindrift Drake: Sea brine for blood, washing foam for laughter.
Spined Basher: "How cute. Does it do any other tricks?" / —Braids, dementia summoner
Spined Fluke: Its spines are prized as writing quills by the priests of Gix.
Spined Sliver: "Slivers are evil and slivers are sly; / And if you get eaten, then no one will cry." / —Mogg children's rhyme
Spined Thopter: "I appreciate the depravity of noble designs turned to devious ends." / —Tezzeret
Spined Wurm: "As it moved, the wurm's spines gathered up bits of flowstone, which took the shapes of dead villagers' heads. Each head spoke a single sound, but if taken together, they said, 'Alas for the living.'" / —Dal myth of the wurm
Spined Wurm: "As it moved, the wurm's spines gathered up bits of flowstone, which took the shapes of dead villagers' heads. Each head spoke a single sound, but if taken together, they said, ‘Alas for the living.'" / —Dal myth of the wurm
Spined Wurm: "I wouldn't stand in front of that wurm, son. 'Course, I wouldn't stand behind it neither. In fact, standing anywhere near that wurm's not much of a plan. Running, now that's a plan" / —Wandering mage
Spined Wurm: "They're as much like plants as animals. Leave them unchecked, and they'll choke out all other forms of life." / —Hadi Kasten, Calla Dale naturalist
Spined Wurm: It has more teeth than fit in its mouth.
Spined Wurm: Its spines act like the teeth of a saw, scoring distinctive marks in the vegetation of its territory.
Spineless Thug: These troops are only as strong as the evincar's control.
Spineless Thug: What it lacks in backbone, it makes up for in cruelty.
Spinneret Sliver: Each new generation of slivers evolves to assimilate the strengths of the prey upon which their progenitors fed.
Spiraling Duelist: "I never move the same way twice. Those rotters can't grasp chaos."
Spiraling Embers: The akki knew to stay indoors on the days the oni flew their kites.
Spire Barrage: Goblin lessons include the 2,071 tips for survival. Frek only remembered 2,070.
Spire Golem: The longer it soars above the shimmering swirls of the Quicksilver Sea, the more it adopts their unpredictability.
Spire Monitor: Each monitor is given an eye for each spire it is to guard.
Spire Serpent: A mirror to draw its eye, a rod to rouse its rage, and a sword to break its bonds.
Spire Tracer: Cartographers on Ravnica chart not just the horizontal, but also the vertical.
Spirit Away: The fear of slipping from the geist's tenuous grip overwhelmed Tolo's joy at his first flight.
Spirit Bonds: Designed by Justin Gary
Spirit Cairn: It marks the border between here and hereafter.
Spirit Link: "I am bound to all my children. I share in their joys, I rage at their injuries."
Spirit Link: "I regret feeding Kaervek's hunger for power—far better to live with animals innocent of such ambitions." / —Jolrael
Spirit Link: "We are all inextricably linked, souls woven in tapestry."
Spirit Link: The noble paladins draw strength from the courage of others.
Spirit Mantle: The shield of unimpeachable purity is as strong as any wrought on the anvil.
Spirit Shield: At times, survival must outweigh all other considerations.
Spirit Weaver: "Let my hope be your shield."
Spirit en-Kor: Death free throat from thirst, mouth from speech, feet from earth. / —Kor requiem
Spirit of Resistance: "Our victory must come from all of Dominaria, or it will not come." / —Urza
Spirit of the Hearth: Thieves know that a snarl in the night means, "Rob another house."
Spirit of the Labyrinth: Students at the Dekatia Academy learn that being sent to study with her is a lesson in itself.
Spiritual Asylum: Trapped in safety is still trapped.
Spiritual Guardian: Hope is born within.
Spiritualize: "There is purity in all things. Even hatred." / —Lieutenant Kirtar
Spitebellows: Disaster stalks with gaping jaws across unready lands.
Spiteflame Witch: Cinder beliefs revolve around the Path of Sorrow, a spiritual descent into oblivion. They don't mind taking others on their journey down.
Spiteful Blow: "Only a fool takes Phenax at his word. What do you expect from a god born of lies and betrayal?" / —Verenes, priest of Iroas
Spiteful Bully: Like most creatures bent on total destruction, they rarely bother to double-check their targets.
Spiteful Shadows: "Let us remind these human cattle why they fear the shadows of this world." / —Aldreg, Skirsdag cultist
Spiteful Visions: Knowledge brings the sting of disillusionment, but the pain teaches perspective.
Spitemare: "I knew a creature carved from a dream of wild freedom. Any attempt to leash or exploit it failed, and at terrible cost." / —Ashling
Spitfire Handler: "Wait 'til Toggo sees this"
Spitting Drake: It prefers its meals cooked.
Spitting Earth: "There are times solid ground gives precious little comfort." / —Talibah, embermage
Spitting Earth: "We were ready for an attack from the front, sides, or back—but the mage hit us from below." / —Veteran soldier
Spitting Earth: "Within each of you is the strength of a landslide." / —Kumano, to his pupils
Spitting Image: Spitting is the customary greeting between a creature and its magical impostor.
Spitting Sliver: "Our lances' reach had been our saving grace in our fight against the hive. Now even that advantage is taken from us." / —Adom Capashen, Benalish knight
Splatter Thug: The mask isn't meant to hide his identity. It's meant to keep the viscera out of his eyes.
Splendid Genesis: She discovered with great delight that one does not love one's children because they are one's children but because of the friendship formed while raising them. Gabriel Garciá Márquez
Splinter Twin: "I know just the person for that job."
Split-Tail Miko: "I wish there were no use for those with my talents. I wish that I could walk Kamigawa forgotten and unneeded, with no war wounds to heal and no broken bones to mend."
Splitting Headache: All faeries delve for dreams. But not all wait for their victims to fall asleep.
Spoils of Blood: "There are always leftovers." / —Derecht, flesh carver
Spoils of Evil: "Virtue has its rewards, as does its opposite." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Spoils of War: "This is the fun part!" / —Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Spontaneous Combustion: "Heat of battle" is usually a metaphor.
Spontaneous Generation: Saprolings always thrive on the ruins of others, and Mercadia ruins more than most.
Spore Burst: Seeds from Jund don't drift gently on the wind. They get up and stampede.
Spore Frog: The end of one life is merely the beginning of thousands more.
Sporecap Spider: "They don't move much, but then again, if you get caught in its web, it has all the time in the world to get to you." / —Saidah, Joraga hunter
Sporemound: "If you threaten its territory, it produces spores. Actually, no matter what you do, it produces spores." / —Hadi Kasten, Calla Dale naturalist
Spotted Griffin: When the cat flies and the bird stalks, guard your horses carefully.
Spread the Sickness: Life is ephemeral. Phyrexia is eternal.
Spreading Plague: The cruelest strain of plague keeps its hosts alive long enough to return home and infect their families.
Spreading Seas: Most inhabitants of Zendikar have given up on the idea of an accurate map.
Spring of Eternal Peace: Bathing in this spring could cure ailments of body and mind alike.
Springing Tiger: The ground trembled in a violent purr.
Springjack Shepherd: "Better for a doun to lose its cenn than its springjacks."
Springleaf Drum: "The music is in the drum. I simply coax it out to be heard."
Springleaf Drum: After trying mudskippers for an afternoon, Scratch decided that crickcarp made the best noise.
Sprite Noble: "By thorn and by stone, we will fight to see the day when beauty returns to this world."
Sprout: Centuries of temporal strife had stripped Dominaria of its natural defenses, but nature fought back with armies constructed of little more than grime and sunlight.
Sprouting Phytohydra: A hydra tender's problem isn't having enough defenses but enough pots.
Sprouting Thrinax: The vast network of predation on Jund has actually caused some strange creatures to adapt to being eaten.
Spur Grappler: Grapplers hunt in packs, driving their victims over steep mountain cliffs.
Spurnmage Advocate: "Our unity humbles our foes."
Spurred Wolverine: After a few painful experiences, goblins learned not to pick their noses around the beasts.
Squall Drifter: "The scouts claim the cold has malice, and a mind. I begin to believe them. Impassable drifts seem to appear before us at every turn." / —Aevar Borg, northern guide, journal entry
Squall Line: The constant shifting of Dominaria's shredded timeline played havoc with its atmosphere, combining savage electrical storms from ages past.
Squall: "May the winds blow till they have wakened death. . . ." / —William Shakespeare, / Othello
Squall: "To-night the winds begin to rise . . . / The rooks are blown about the skies . . . ." / —Alfred, Lord Tennyson, In Memoriam
Squall: The air that holds them aloft can just as easily put them down.
Squallmonger: "Squall, gale, hurricane—it's all a matter of size . . . and price."
Squandered Resources: "He traded sand for skins, skins for gold, gold for life. In the end, he traded life for sand." / —Afari, Tales
Squeaking Pie Sneak: "Why do our pies squeak? It's all the faeries, mice, and prickly-hogs we stuff inside." / —Borb of the Squeaking Pie warren
Squee's Toy: As the horrors closed in on Gerrard, Squee trembled and clutched his toy for comfort. He didn't know where it came from or why it was so warm, but he was glad he'd kept it near.
Squee, Goblin Nabob Avatar: 10E Prize Avatar
Squee, Goblin Nabob: "General?!" Tahngarth roared. "General nuisance, maybe."
Squee, Goblin Nabob: "Some goblins are expendable. Some are impossible to get rid of. But he's both—at the same time!" / —Starke
Squee: The smartest—and only—goblin cabin boy aboard the Weatherlight, Squee has learned that intelligence and common sense are very different things. This matters little, however, since he has neither. Fortunately, he doesn't know what he's missing.
Squeeze: Any pirate would prefer Rishada's swift and cruel justice to Saprazzo's patient punishments.
Squelch: Oku-Doku had gone through all the motions: the same akki cursewords, the same ingredients with their horrid stink, the same rude gestures. Yet not a person died.
Squelching Leeches: Leeches are sacred to followers of Pharika for drawing poison from a wound, but feared by everyone else for drawing blood from the flesh.
Squire: "Of twenty yeer of age he was, I gesse. / Of his stature he was of evene lengthe. / And wonderly delyvere, and of greete strengthe." / —Geoffrey Chaucer, / The Canterbury Tales
Squire: "Of twenty yeer of age he was, I gesse. Of his stature he was of even lengthe. And wonderly deliver, and greete of strengthe." —Geoffrey Chaucer, The Canterbury Tales
Squirming Mass: Only the coldest hearts and the strongest stomachs can stand against it.
Squirrel Farm: "And the ignorant shall fall to the squirrels." / —Chip 2:54
Squirrel Mob: An army of squirrels is still an army.
Squirrel Nest: In the Krosan Forest, you've got to keep an eye out for the squirrels.
Squirrel Nest: In the treetops, unseen by many, lurks chittering, skittering death.
Squirrel Wrangler: "Gnawed to death. Bad way to go."
Stabbing Pain: "You can take the fight out of nearly any creature if you know where its soft spot is." / —Guttor, flesh-warper
Stabilizer: "Hold that thought." / —Pemmin, Riptide survivor
Staff of Nin: "I have attuned the staff to your screams so that only I may benefit from your pain." / —Volux, disciple of Nin
Staff of Zegon: Though Mishra was impressed by the staves Ashnod had created for Zegon's defense, he understood they only hinted at her full potential.
Staff of the Ages: "We found this staff useful on our visit to this very commission. Would Relicbane prefer we had been slain by Lim-Dûl's horrors?" / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Staff of the Death Magus: A symbol of ambition in ruthless times.
Staff of the Flame Magus: A symbol of passion in indifferent times.
Staff of the Mind Magus: A symbol of sagacity in bewildering times.
Staff of the Sun Magus: A symbol of conviction in uncertain times.
Staff of the Wild Magus: A symbol of ferocity in oppressive times.
Stag Beetle: Its voice crackles with the hum of a thousand wings beating at once.
Stalker Hag: Her hunt is silent until a bone snaps or flesh tears. Her victims never know to scream.
Stalking Bloodsucker: The pits feed both its thirst for combat and its thirst for blood.
Stalking Tiger Avatar: MI Participation Avatar
Stalking Tiger: In the Jamuraan jungles, there is often no separating beauty from danger.
Stalking Tiger: No one is happy when they notice a tiger.
Stalking Tiger: Throughout Chinese history, generals have often been referred to as tigers for their fierceness, strength, and bravery.
Stalking Vampire: Each form she takes is an exploration of the senses.
Stalking Vengeance: Something roams the killing places, sniffing the guilt of the slayers, stalking them on iron paws.
Stalwart Shield-Bearers: "Hold fast the line! Either we stop them here or we wake up in their guts!" / —Tala Vertan, Makindi shieldmate
Stampede Driver: "The thunder of hooves is music to my ears."
Stampede: "We could see the horizon blacken with the great beasts, but it was too late. The icefield offered no immediate safety, but luckily most of us reached a crevasse in which we could take cover." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Stampede: "When are beasts like a river?" / —The One Thousand Questions
Stampeding Rhino: "Sometimes I wonder if our weapons and armor are a step backward." / —Soron, rhox pikemaster
Stampeding Rhino: The quickest way to get through the jungle is to agitate a rhino and run in its wake.
Stampeding Wildebeests: Prayers for rain are answered with the thunder of hooves.
Stampeding Wildebeests: The most violent and destructive storms in Femeref occur on cloudless days.
Stand Together: Strange times make for strange allies.
Standard Bearer: The standard was a rallying point for the army and a target for the enemy.
Standardize: At that point, the wizards' argument got a lot uglier.
Standing Army: They're the chair-men of the bored.
Standing Troops: The less you have, the harder you fight for it.
Standing Troops: They fight so closely together a mouse couldn't slip past their guard.
Standstill: "Take your time."
Standstill: "You learn a lot in no time when you're about to get your neck snapped." / —Dack Fayden
Star Compass: It doesn't point north. It points home.
Starfall: "The most brilliant stars are not born of Nyx." / —Rhexenor, Akroan flamespeaker
Starke of Rath: "I know to whom I owe the most loyalty, and I see him in the mirror every day." / —Starke
Starke: Starke believes in situational ethics—the situation determines the ethics. He's switched sides so often that he has become everyone's ally yet no one's friend. This former merchant of Rath accompanies the Weatherlight crew on their journey to his home world.
Starlight Invoker: "The constellations form a tapestry of light that traces my people's broken history. Day and night, I feel their glittering presence calling me to weave the pattern whole."
Starlight Invoker: The Mirari glows in her eyes.
Starlight: "Even in the darkest night / Stars and angels still shine bright." / —Onean children's rhyme
Starlight: Stars are like coins dropped into the night: their light buys safe passage.
Starlit Angel: To soar as high as hope, to dive as swift as justice.
Starstorm: Ever since the disaster, the city's survivors viewed the star-strewn sky with dread.
Starstorm: Pardic barbarians didn't complain when the Order started blaming every crisis on the Cabal.
Starved Rusalka: "No more wretched fate is there than to waste away. If you are slain, your ghost may at least avenge itself upon your killer. But what release is there for one slain by Time?" / —Ilromov, traveling storyteller
Stasis Cell: The Simic created the cells to preserve their experiments. The Azorius put the cells to use on the guilty.
Stasis Cocoon: Though the grip of a golem is strong, the grip of Auriok magic is far stronger.
Statecraft: "Inside these walls, peace; outside, sharks. You choose." / —Saprazzan vizier
Static Orb: The warriors fought against the paralyzing waves until even their thoughts froze in place.
Static Orb: Time passes, time crawls; / Time doesn't move at all.
Statute of Denial: "Pyrotechnic activity of any sort is strictly prohibited. It is irrelevant that today is a holiday."
Staunch Defenders: "Hold your position! Leave doubt for the dying!" / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Staunch Defenders: "The key to winning any fight is simply staying alive." / —The Southern Paladin
Staunch Defenders: The key to winning any fight is simply staying alive.
Staunch-Hearted Warrior: As soon as she faces a monster, she begins composing its epitaph.
Stave Off: "Just a moment of perfect grace and sanctity is enough." / —Kal Lior, leonin elder
Staying Power: Mongo's fleas no longer bothered him. But the family of goblins that had moved in behind his left ear was starting to get really irritating.
Steadfast Guard: "Best leave your tongue in its yap-hole, Mercadian scum, for your silvered words and golden bribes do not sparkle so brightly outside your city."
Steadfast Guard: The Mercadians were prepared for the guard, but the guard was even more prepared for the Mercadians.
Steadfastness: Brute force wins the battles. Conviction wins the wars.
Steady Progress: "More of that strange oil . . . It's probably nothing."
Steal Enchantment: "Why should I flatter another with imitation when I can satisfy myself through possession?" / —Ertai, wizard adept
Steal Strength: With each grunt of pain from Haddad, Greel's grin widened.
Stealer of Secrets: The Dimir would hire her, if only they knew where she lived. The Azorius would condemn her, if only they knew her name.
Steam Augury: Keranos is a fickle god, delivering punishment as readily as prophecy.
Steam Blast: The viashino knew of the cracked pipes but deliberately left them unmended to bolster the rig's defenses.
Steam Catapult: "You idiots! Turn it around! Turn it around!"
Steam Frigate: "Is it merchants or is it pirates?" / "It's Talas—there's no difference."
Steam Spitter: Its belly produces a boiling-hot fluid it can spit as a weapon or spin slowly enough to freeze into a defensive web.
Steam Vents: Crafted with genius, energized with madness.
Steamclaw: "There's dead, and then there's dead dead." / —Steamclaw driver
Steamcore Weird: Like many Izzet creations, weirds are based on wild contradictions yet somehow manage to work.
Steamflogger Boss: "Whip the Xs ! Pinch the Os! / What we're building, no one knows!"
Steel Golem: "Although I would give my life to protect Gerrard, my conscience will not let me take another's. There are many who would not hesitate." / —Karn, silver golem
Steel Golem: "Once you create perfection, what else is there to make?" / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Steel Overseer: "The world is already run by all manner of machines. One day, they'll remind us of that fact." / —Sargis Haz, artificer
Steel Sabotage: "You are hopelessly obsolete, my brothers. Come and join the Great Work." / —Rhmir, Hand of the Augur
Steel Wall: "We sculpt the land into what we need—homes, armament, fortresses of war. Our strength comes not only from knowing, but from commanding the terrain." / —Raksha Golden Cub, leonin kha
Steelclad Serpent: "From the highest towers to the deepest sea, all life must be touched by etherium." / —Lodus of the Ethersworn
Steelform Sliver: "Though the slivers may sometimes resemble us, they are not human. Anyone who fights them must remember this." / —Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Steelshaper Apprentice: Theirs is a craft brought about by necessity, now raised to the level of art.
Steelshaper's Gift: Some blades seek their own wielders.
Steely Resolve: No one in Wirewood understands what is happening. They just know it's unnatural—and coming from Krosa.
Steeple Roc: "Sometimes it forgets to loosen its grip before taking flight. I lost my roof that way." / —Ecaban, Boros scout
Stench of Decay: "Disa is dead, and I am left. I shall allow no others to succumb to this pestilence." / —Kolbjörn, High Honored Druid
Stench of Decay: "My lord, there is only so much I can do. This plague infests Krov worse than any other city." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Stenchskipper: "Many believe it to be the manifestation of all that is vile about the boggarts. I believe it should be avoided—from upwind, if possible." / —Cenn Deagan
Stensia Bloodhall: The revelry ends when the supply of fresh ingenues runs dry.
Steppe Lynx: Nothing quickens the predator's blood like the unfamiliar scents of new hunting grounds and the mewling cries of new prey.
Stern Judge: "How to punish the guilty is up to the Ancestor. Deciding who merits such punishment is up to me."
Stern Proctor: "I preferred the harsh tutors—they made mischief all the more fun." / —Teferi, third-level student
Steward of Valeron: Knight-stewards guard the Sun-Dappled Court, a grove of immense, sculptured olive trees that represent Valeron's twelve noble families.
Steward of Valeron: www.MagicTheGathering.com
Stifle: "If I wanted your opinion, I'd have told you what it was." / —Pemmin, Riptide survivor
Stifle: "Superior force meets woefully inadequate object. What paradox were you expecting?" / —Azguri, archmage of Evos Isle
Stigma Lasher: The Extinguisher's curse lasted long after her departure.
Still Life: The centaurs' simple magic can undo a basilisk's gaze, but only for a short time.
Stingerfling Spider: The juiciest prey is that which grows lazy, thinking itself beyond the reach of danger.
Stingmoggie: A path vexed by the stingmoggie was probably the wrong path anyhow.
Stinkdrinker Daredevil: Boggarts constantly strive to outdo each other with the things they bring back to the warren, each hoping the exploit will become as well-known as those of Auntie Grub.
Stir the Grave: "Your lungs may not draw breath, but while your hands can grip a sword, you will be useful to me." / —Nighteyes, nezumi necromancer
Stitch in Time: Quyzl was told by his mentor to "make more time" for his studies.
Stitched Drake: "The best skaab are more powerful and more beautiful than the sum of their parts." / —Stitcher Geralf
Stitcher's Apprentice: "Oglor create life, Oglor take it away. Oglor god! . . . until Master return."
Stocking Tiger: Just hope yours isn't full of coal golems.
Stoic Angel: Even the most battle-hardened soldiers pause in her presence for a moment of introspection.
Stoic Champion: His outer calm belies his inner fury.
Stoic Ephemera: "Life is fleeting, and so is death. Only the oath is eternal."
Stoic Rebuttal: Obsessed with the pursuit of knowledge above all else, vedalken can appear to be cold and emotionless.
Stolen Grain: At the battle of Guandu, Cao Cao defeated Yuan Shao by raiding his grain depot, leaving him with no way to feed his troops.
Stomp and Howl: "Mizzium may be impervious to fire, but obviously certain other things can . . . modify its form." / —Ivos Koba, indrik handler
Stomper Cub: "This one is only a yearling, but it would be wise to move away before we provide it with excellent hunting practice." / —Samila, Murasa Expeditionary House
Stomping Ground: "Roots, ruins, and room to fight. All the comforts of home." / —Domri Rade
Stone Calendar: The Pretender Mairsil ordered a great Calendar drawn up to show when the paths to the Dark Lands were strongest.
Stone Calendar: The Pretender Mairsil ordered a great calendar drawn up to show when the paths to the Dark Lands were strongest.
Stone Giant: A typical day for a giant. A momentous event for a goat.
Stone Giant: What goes up, must come down.
Stone Golem: The sculptor, like most artists, put his heart and soul in his work. But the newly awakened golem decided he wanted his creator's other, more tangible parts.
Stone Kavu: To maintain its hide, it consumes a variety of rocks—not to mention a variety of Phyrexians.
Stone Rain: "May the forces that took Argoth beneath the waves never come among us again." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Stone Rain: "The kami struck with gouts of fire, showers of rock, and the combined rage of the spirit world. Only Eiganjo Castle remained standing, glistening untouched in the sun." / —The History of Kamigawa
Stone Rain: "The land shall beg for drink and curse the rain that follows." / —Oracle en-Vec
Stone Rain: "What rainbow could possibly come of this rain?" / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Stone Rain: I cast a thousand tiny suns— / Beware my many dawns.
Stone Rain: Soldiers often blocked off the steep mountain passes to ambush enemy troops in western and central China.
Stone Rain: The return of Ramos was foretold by devastating natural disasters and unnatural storms.
Stone Rain: There goes the neighborhood!
Stone Spirit: "The spirit of the stone is the spirit of strength." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Stone Spirit: "The spirit of the stone is the spirit of strength." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian chieftain
Stone Spirit: "The spirit of the stone is the spirit of strength." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Stone-Seeder Hierophant: Her touch brings to bare stone what water and sun bring to rich soil.
Stone-Throwing Devils: Sometimes those with the most sin cast the first stones.
Stonebrow, Krosan Hero: Moments after a fickle rift dropped Stonebrow in the waste of his beloved Krosa, he took up his axe in rage-blind vengeance.
Stonefare Crocodile: The Izzet's plans to exploit the undercity ran into a few stubborn obstacles.
Stonehands: "Trust in the power of stone. Stone is strong; stone shatters swords; stone breaks bones. Trust in stone." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Stonehands: "Trust in the power of stone. Stone is strong; stone shatters swords; stone breaks bones. Trust in stone." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Stonehewer Giant Avatar: MOR Participation Avatar
Stonehewer Giant: "No matter how strong, an unarmed fighter is no more than a fool."
Stonehorn Chanter: With the Stonehorn, piety and power are one.
Stonehorn Dignitary: It did not escape the ambassador's notice that the sound of war drums could also marshal the city to attention.
Stoneshaker Shaman: There is no place in Ravnica for stagnation, no room for lands unfilled and untilled.
Stonewise Fortifier: Ephara taught some mortals to feel every vein in marble as though it flows with their own blood.
Stonewood Invocation: "Might of ancient wood and stone, / Into spirit, flesh, and bone."
Stonewood Invoker: The Mirari pulses in his veins.
Stonework Puma: "We suffer uneasy ground, unstable alliances, and unpredictable magic. Something you can truly trust is worth more than a chest of gold." / —Nikou, Joraga bard
Stony Silence: Let moss grow over gargoyles / —Gavony saying meaning / "forget painful memories"
Stonybrook Angler: "Water is in the air, the trees, and the earth. Understand its motion, speak its language, and the subtle currents that flow through all living things will fall under your command."
Stonybrook Banneret: Made from trout scales and crawfish whiskers, merrows' shimmering banners flash in the water like lightning.
Stonybrook Schoolmaster: Merrow schools rarely form by design. They come together naturally as eager learners surround the wisest teachers.
Stop That: Now for a squirt of lemon juice.
Storm Crow: "It tells you that the worst is coming. Do you listen? / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Storm Crow: "Watch for it Right on its tailfeathers will be a storm from your nightmares." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skycaptain
Storm Crow: Storm crow descending, winter unending.  Storm crow departing, summer is starting.
Storm Crow: Storm crow descending, winter unending. / Storm crow departing, summer is starting.
Storm Crow: Storm crow descending, winter unending. Storm crow departing, summer is starting.
Storm Entity: Dweldian magi don't enter the Realm of Thrones when they die. Instead their souls are drawn to great works of magic.
Storm Front: The calmest day on Rath would be thought a storm anywhere else.
Storm Herd: "When you hear thunder on a cloudless day, take cover and brace for the coming of the storm herd." / —Skotov, Tin Street basket vendor
Storm Shaman: "Embrace the storm. Its voice shall echo within you, and its fire shall become your touch!" / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Storm Shaman: "Embrace the storm. Its voice shall echo within you, and its fire shall become your touch" / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Storm Shaman: "Let the lightning be your warning, and the thunder your battle cry." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Storm Shaman: She speaks with the voice of the winds, and the earth trembles.
Storm Spirit: "Come to us, with your lightning. Come to us, with your thunder. Serve us with your strength, and smite our foes with your power." / —Steinar Icefist, Balduvian Shaman
Storm Spirit: "Come to us, with your lightning. Come to us, with your thunder. Serve us with your strength, and smite our foes with your power." / —Steinar Icefist, Balduvian shaman
Stormbind: "Once, our people could call down the storm itself to do our bidding." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Stormbind: "Once, our people could call down the storm itself to do our bidding." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Stormblood Berserker: Blood is holy to those whose god is War.
Stormcaller of Keranos: A prayer answered by Keranos is clear for all to witness.
Stormcloud Djinn: As fickle as lightning, as slippery as an eel.
Stormfront Pegasus: "At summer's end, the pegasus herd stampedes across the sky. Their silent footfalls taunt the clouds and bid the rains to come." / —Stormfront fable
Stormfront Pegasus: Its hooves touch the earth only when a hero must rise.
Stormscape Familiar: Each Stormscape apprentice must hand-raise and train an owl before attaining the rank of master.
Stormsurge Kraken: Most see krakens as wantonly violent, failing to notice their meticulous attention to detail when dismantling a vessel.
Stormwatch Eagle: When eagles leave the sky, sailors leave the sea.
Strafe: "All right, let's light ‘em up" / —Gerrard
Strands of Night: "I have seen the night torn into thin darkling strips and woven into shapes too bleak for dreams." / —Crovax
Strands of Night: When the strands call, only the dead answer.
Strands of Undeath: "Why limit yourself to mortal law when you can outlive those who enforce it?" / —Czaric, Orzhov prelate
Stranglehold: The correct answer to a barbarian's riddle is to choke on your cleverness and die.
Strangleroot Geist: Geists of the hanged often haunt the tree on which they died.
Strangling Soot: "What good is your blade without your breath?" / —Greht, Gathan warlord
Stratadon: Designed like the gargadons of Keld—big and brutal.
Strategic Planning: "Plans evolved within the tent decide a victory 1,000 li away."
Stratozeppelid: The "Days of Darkness" mark the stratozeppelids' annual migration, when for five days they blot out the sun and trumpet their passing.
Straw Golem: "Don't look at me. I didn't build it." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Straw Soldiers: The overnight appearance of miles of "armed" Wu forts at Guangling frightened a much vaster Wei force into fleeing for their lives.
Stream Hopper: Like many who dwell in Shadowmoor now, he was robbed of his better half by the Aurora.
Stream of Consciousness: "All things return to their beginnings. The waters that spill across the Kamitaki Falls flow to sea, only to be returned to her as the rain that joins the mighty river." / —Dosan the Falling Leaf
Stream of Unconsciousness: Dreams are tempting because one is so powerful in them. Dreams are dangerous because that power is a lie.
Streambed Aquitects: "We look in the river and see scattered stones. A merrow looks and sees a map of Lorwyn." / —Illulia, flamekin soulstoke
Street Savvy: "It takes more than swift feet and dark shadows to slip by me unnoticed."
Street Sweeper: The sweepers roam endlessly, scrubbing away the refuse—and anything else too slow or too clumsy to get out of their way.
Street Wraith: The lamps on Wyndmoor Street snuff themselves at midnight and refuse to relight, afraid to illuminate what lies in the darkness.
Streetbreaker Wurm: The Orzhov run a construction unit whose only business is rebuilding the wreckage left in the wake of wurms. When business is slow, they pay Golgari carnomancers to lure the wurms to the surface.
Strength in Numbers: "The hermit dies. The outcast dies. The lone wolf dies. Only those who stick together survive this world." / —Uros, Pendelhaven elder
Strength of Cedars: "No sooner had the beast collapsed under the blows of Takeno's sword than the earth rippled and the creature rose again to face him." / —Battle of Akagi River: A Survivor's Tale
Strength of Isolation: Don't mistake isolation for safety.
Strength of Lunacy: Don't confuse lunacy with courage.
Strength of Unity: All Dominarians agreed on one thing: they would not go down without a fight.
Strider Harness: Each journey begins with a single step—and sometimes ends with that single step as well.
Striking Sliver: You're too busy recoiling in fear to realize that it's already hit you.
Strionic Resonator: Its tines cannot be rung by mere physical force. Only magic of great power can start its eldritch resonance.
Strip Bare: "All glamers lifted, all lies revealed, all flesh exposed." / —Awylla, elvish safewright
Strip Mine: Unlike previous conflicts, the war between Urza and Mishra made Dominaria itself a casualty of war.
Strip Mine: Unlike previous conflicts, the war between Urza and Mishra made Dominia itself a casualty of war.
Striped Bears: "The bear is never cautious—which is why it wasn't born a human." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Stroke of Genius: After a hundred failed experiments, Urza was stunned to find that common silver passed through the portal undamaged. He immediately designed a golem made of the metal.
Stromgald Cabal: "Kjeldor must be supreme at any cost." / —Avram Garrisson, Leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Stromgald Cabal: "Kjeldor must be supreme at any cost." / —Avram Garrisson, leader of the Knights of Stromgald
Stromgald Cabal: When the alliance between Balduvia and Kjeldor deprived Stromgald of easy victories, its agents were forced to fuel their rituals with their own flesh.
Stromgald Crusader: "The White-Shielders think their code justifies their actions. In truth it only binds their hands."
Stromkirk Captain: "No longer can we allow our human populations to be mindlessly slaughtered by ghouls. Slay all who trespass." / —Runo Stromkirk
Stromkirk Noble: "A responsible king walks among his subjects."
Stromkirk Patrol: "You'd best move along, human. Our palates are far less discerning than our master's."
Strongarm Tactics: "If you can't pay your gambling debts, you just might be tomorrow's main attraction at the Grand Coliseum."
Strongarm Thug: "No, I insist—let me carry all that heavy jewelry."
Stronghold Assassin: The assassin sees only throats and hears only heartbeats.
Stronghold Biologist: He twists the laws of nature until they scream.
Stronghold Discipline: "Crovax never passes up an opportunity to cause widespread misery." / —Belbe
Stronghold Discipline: In Urborg, the instigators of each new rebellion are soaked in the blood of the last.
Stronghold Machinist: She stretches the laws of physics until they snap.
Stronghold Rats: In the stronghold's dungeons, the shadows hide in the vermin.
Stronghold Taskmaster: "With the completion of each joyous task, we are closer to Yawgmoth's divine vision." / —Stronghold architect, journal
Stronghold Zeppelin: As long as the stronghold controlled the sky, the rebels were doomed.
Structural Collapse: The Gruul holiday of Rauck-Chauv always ends the same way.
Stubborn Denial: The Temur have no patience for subtlety.
Stuffy Doll Avatar: TSP Participation Avatar
Stun Sniper: The tips of her bolts are blunt, but her aim is deadly sharp.
Stun: "Fortunately, merfolk aren't used to opponents with feet." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Stun: "I concede it was a cheap shot, but it was the only one I could afford." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Stun: "They certainly are well protected. Too bad for them they're not well balanced." / —Sisay
Stupefying Touch: Just because your eyes are open doesn't mean you're awake.
Stupor: There are medicines for all afflictions but idleness. / —Suq'Ata saying
Stupor: There are medicines for all afflictions but idleness. —Suq'Ata saying
Stymied Hopes: When a god's will is against you, the day never ends well.
Su-Chi: Flawed copies of relics from the Thran Empire, the Su-Chi were inherently unstable but provided useful knowledge for Tocasia's students.
Su-Chi: Flawed copies of relics from the Thran Empire, the su-chi were inherently unstable but provided useful knowledge for Tocasia's students.
Subterranean Spirit: "Air hot with sulfur. / Earth heaves beneath me. / Could it be the mountain / ate something bad?" / —Dwarven mining song
Subversion: Kerrick's corrupt domain swelled like a blister on Tolaria's skin.
Sudden Death: Some mages tapped into the time rifts, forcing upon others alternate timelines in which unimaginable horrors befall them.
Sudden Demise: In the Skyfang Mountains, one misstep can mean the end of an entire clan.
Sudden Impact: "Some say it's better to think before you act. While those people are considering all the options, that's usually when I kill them." / —Dravus, lava mage
Sudden Impact: Caught red-handed.
Sudden Impact: Most people know better. Goblins only know bigger.
Sudden Impact: The Predator roared like an unruly beast, and the Weatherlight suddenly listed. "No!" screamed Hanna.
Sudden Shock: Arc mages aren't known for their patience.
Sudden Storm: No matter how big and strong you are, the sea is bigger and stronger.
Sudden Strength: The Mirari's magic transformed the Krosan Forest—and its inhabitants.
Suffer the Past: Ulamog's tentacles, their touch like burning ice, rummaged through his soul and stung his memories one by one.
Suicidal Charge: "They think they're winning. But they're just lining up to be dinner." / —Rakka Mar
Suleiman's Legacy: With Suleiman's ascension to power, the djinn and efreets of ancient Rabiah learned humility.
Sulfur Falls: Skirsdag cultists meet behind a waterfall's curtain and plot with demonic forces.
Sulfuric Vapors: It was the dragons who first learned to chase their prey into the vapors before igniting them.
Sulfurous Blast: The Keldons used the toxic vents in the cracked earth to bolster their home's defenses.
Sultai Banner: Power to dominate, cruelty to rule.
Sultai Charm: "Strike," the fumes hiss. "Raise an empire with your ambition."
Sultai Flayer: "You can have the body, necromancer. I just want the skin."
Sultai Scavenger: Since they guard armies of walking carrion, Sultai aven are never far from a meal.
Sultai Soothsayer: The naga of the Sultai Brood made deals with dark forces to keep their power.
Summer Bloom: "Our love is like the river in the summer season of long rains. / For a little while it spilled its banks, flooding the crops in the fields." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Summer Bloom: Summer sends its kiss with warmth and blooming life.
Summit Apes: "If you climb Skyfang Peak, avoid the pass. Generations of apes made that trail, and they don't tolerate trespassers." / —Sachir, Akoum Expeditionary House
Summit Prowler: "Do you hunt the yetis of the high peaks, stripling? They are as fierce as the bear that fears no foe and as sly as the mink that creeps unseen. You will be as much prey as they." / —Nitula, the Hunt Caller
Summon the School: "When merrows talk, listeners grow fins." / —Kithkin saying
Summoner's Bane: "I don't need to have the perfect plan. My foe just has to have an imperfect one." / —Jace Beleren
Sun Clasp: "And darkness shall be cast from me / For my soul resides in the Sun." / —Femeref dirge
Sun Quan, Lord of Wu: "One score and four he reigned, the Southland king: / A dragon coiled, a tiger poised below the mighty Yangtze."
Sun Titan: A blazing sun that never sets.
Sun's Bounty: "Heidar has forced the sun into hiding, but it has not forgotten us."
Sunastian Falconer: Sunastian has roots in both sorcery and swordplay; he has learned never to depend too heavily on the latter.
Sunbeam Spellbomb: "Cure that which was never ill." / —Spellbomb inscription
Sunblade Elf: "We patrol the steppes to keep enemies from the forest verge."
Sunblast Angel: There may exist powers even greater than Phyrexia.
Sunbond: "I was not chosen for my faith in the gods. Sometimes the gods must put their faith in us." / —Elspeth
Sunder from Within: Trapped for eons within the sacred gong, the kami boomed and clanged to a deafening tempo as they destroyed their erstwhile prison.
Sunder: The flow of time was disrupted; like a flooding river it rose from its banks. Tolaria was drowned in an instant that stretched toward infinity.
Sundering Growth: "One day every pillar will be a tree and every hall a glade." / —Trostani
Sundering Vitae: Centuries of wind, rain, and roots compressed into an instant of destruction: such is the power of Selesnya.
Sunflare Shaman: A spark to light the guttered heart.
Sungrace Pegasus: The sacred feathers of the pegasus are said to have healing powers.
Sungrass Egg: "Has your peaceful nature led you on a crusade?" / —Watnik, master glassblower
Sungrass Prairie: On Otaria, peace and harmony are rare. Places that provide both are cherished.
Sunhome Enforcer: "Law soothed his savage heart. Where fury once burned, the enduring flame of order now shines." / —Razia
Sunhome, Fortress of the Legion: Sunhome—the stalwart shield, the towering sentinel, the seat of justice.
Sunken Field: The land is heavy with promise, the harvest ripe with betrayal.
Sunken Hope: "I don't concern myself with my enemy's hopes. Hopes follow the tides. They will retreat soon enough." / —Ambassador Laquatus
Sunken Hope: While Dominarians fought for their world, Rath stole it from under their feet.
Sunken Ruins: Without the care of the tideshapers, the Lanes lie neglected. Some have flooded entire towns; others dried to cracked mud.
Sunlance: "It's easy for the innocent to speak of justice. They seldom feel its terrible power." / —Orim, Samite inquisitor
Sunrise Sovereign: A hundred generations has he mentored, a hundred armies has he crushed beneath his feet, yet only a hundred words has he ever spoken, each more revered than a hundred books.
Sunscape Familiar: The spirits of fallen battlemages can serve their guilds as familiars by joining with any physical form.
Sunseed Nurturer: Sunseeders quest for areas of open sky. They train plowbeasts to beat back the dense jungle long enough to cultivate a crop.
Sunspear Shikari: Left without their leader Raksha, the leonin split into two prides: one side supported the regent kha, while the other rebelled in fury.
Sunspire Gatekeepers: "You will pass with respect, or you will not pass at all."
Sunspire Griffin: "For each griffin wounded by an arrow, there's a corpse with a bow nearby." / —Pel Javya, Wojek investigator
Sunstone: "I dispute Relicbane's hysterical allegations, Commissioner, but it is true that these artifacts can be dangerous." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Suntail Hawk: "Our forebears once flew like this—carefree, needing nothing but a warm nest and a full belly. Our intellect may be more burden than blessing." / —Commander Eesha
Suntail Hawk: "They are the finest companions in the realm. Swift, clever, and easily trained to hunt intruders." / —Almira, falconer
Suntail Hawk: Its eye the glaring sun, its cry the keening wind.
Suntouched Myr: As the fifth sun joins the other four, new abilities awaken in the creatures of Mirrodin.
Sunweb: "There is no sweeter music than the wails of a dying dragon." / —Rashida Scalebane
Sunweb: Sometimes the wings of fallen dragons refuse to give up the sky.
Super Secret Tech: "Ooh . . . shiny"
Supersize: You want "mise" with that?
Supply-Line Cranes: They are trained from hatching to deliver aid where it is needed most.
Suppression Field: The most feared of Azorius punishments is to be freed—sent back out into the world, stripped of all magical defenses.
Supreme Inquisitor: "It's hard to fight on an empty mind."
Supreme Verdict: Leonos had no second thoughts about the abolishment edict. He'd left skyrunes warning of the eviction, even though it was cloudy.
Suq'Ata Firewalker: "Comfortable even in a furnace? I've never met one who'd accept my wager." / —Talibah, embermage
Suq'Ata Lancer: "Never stop 'til you see your lance come out the other side." / —Telim'Tor
Surge Node: Without a foe to focus on, the machine priests had time to indulge in new sciences.
Surge of Thoughtweft: Kithkin weave together their very thoughts, creating a depth of cooperation unknown to other races.
Surge of Zeal: "If only my poxes were as infectious as their zealotry." / —Savra
Surgespanner: They ride on waves of Æther, washing out anything that might pollute the Merrow Lanes.
Surrak Dragonclaw: Both his rank and his scars were earned in single combat against a cave bear.
Surrakar Banisher: Surrakar grab things they don't want.
Surrender Your Thoughts: "Or, if you prefer, just surrender."
Surveilling Sprite: Their natural curiosity, combined with a knack for trespassing, makes sprites excellent spies.
Survey the Wreckage: Goblins and architects seldom get along.
Sustainer of the Realm: "The harder you push, the stronger we become." / —Radiant, to Urza
Sustainer of the Realm: You may break her shield, but you'll never break her spirit.
Sustaining Spirit: "Faith is our greatest protector." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran Priest
Sustaining Spirit: "Faith is our greatest protector." / —Halvor Arensson, Kjeldoran priest
Sustenance: Like the dryads, the forest itself willingly gives up some of its life for the sake of the future.
Suture Spirit: Is her need to heal born out of compassion or penance?
Svyelunite Priest: "Early Vodalians worshipped Svyelun, goddess of the Pearl Moon. Later she became a more abstract figure." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. V
Swallowing Plague: "We are recalling all forces from the Takenuma Swamp. We lose men daily to kami attacks, and it seems our defeats only encourage them further." / —General Takeno, letter to Lord Konda
Swan Song: "The most enlightened mages create beauty from violence." / —Medomai the Ageless
Swans of Bryn Argoll: Any being that harms them quickly learns its lesson.
Swarm of Bloodflies: In the Gudul delta, bloodfly bites are indistinguishable from spear wounds.
Swarm of Rats: "Rats, rats, rats Hundreds, thousands, millions of them, and every one a life." / —Bram Stoker, Dracula
Swarm of Rats: "Rats, rats, rats! Hundreds, thousands, millions of them, and every one a life." / —Bram Stoker, Dracula
Swarmyard: Where scavengers nest in hollowed-out rib cages and chittering crawlers peer from empty eye sockets, few dare to trespass.
Swat: Few who cross Phage have the chance to repeat the mistake.
Sway of Illusion: "I suggest you take a closer look." / —Tidal visionary
Swell of Courage: "Tideshaping is more than creating a few / new puddles."
Swelter: No circle has a beginning, but many have foreseeable ends.
Swerve: "We can't beat the necromancers in numbers or raw power. We must beat them with ingenuity and timing." / —Rannon, Vithian holdout
Swift Justice: "Having conviction is more important than being righteous." / —Aurelia
Swift Kick: Shintan sensed the malice in his opponent, but he did not strike until the orc's muscles tensed in preparation to throw the first punch.
Swift Maneuver: Darien's call to Yavimaya would have fallen red to the snow had it not been for the agility of the aesthir.
Swift Silence: "This world may not know peace, but in my presence you will know quiet." / —Augustin IV
Swiftfoot Boots: "There is great wisdom in rushing headlong into combat . . . if you're prepared." / —Kenjek, captain of the Thousand Swords
Swirling Sandstorm: As dust swept out, vultures swept in.
Swirling Spriggan: After its encounter with the spriggan, the patrol was red with anger, green with envy, white with fear, and painfully black and blue.
Switcheroo: Say hello to your new friend.
Sword Dancer: Most soldiers think of the sword as a weapon. In the hands of Zho monks, swords are also the strongest of shields.
Sword of Vengeance: When wielded by a true believer, it matters little whether the sword is a relic or a replica.
Sword of the Chosen: One shard of Selenia yet remained.
Swords to Plowshares: "Peace hath her victories No less renownd than war." - John Milton, "To the Lord General Cromwell"
Swords to Plowshares: "The so-called Barbarians will not respect us for our military might—they will respect us for our honor." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Swords to Plowshares: "The so-called barbarians will not respect us for our military might—they will respect us for our honor." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, leader of the Order of the White Shield
Swords to Plowshares: The smallest seed of regret can bloom into redemption.
Swordwise Centaur: The girl who would become the Champion of the Sun hacked furiously at the practice dummy. At last she stopped, breathing heavily, and looked up at her instructor. / "So much anger," said the centaur. "I will teach you the ways of war, child. But first you must make peace with yourself." / —The Theriad
Sygg, River Cutthroat: "It's not a matter of deserving. It's a matter of strength. The power to hold versus the power to take."
Sygg, River Guide: "If there's a place worth going, the Merrow Lanes already do. And if there's a route worth taking, yours truly already has."
Sylvan Basilisk: "We're not sure what one looks like, so to be safe, nobody look at anything until we're out of here." / —Parbold Drix, veteran explorer
Sylvan Bounty: Some who scouted new lands chose to stay.
Sylvan Caryatid: Those who enter the copse never leave. They find peace there and take root, becoming part of the ever-growing grove.
Sylvan Echoes: It takes a huntmaster's eye to discern the contours of mythical prey.
Sylvan Ranger: "Not all paths are found on the forest floor."
Sylvan Safekeeper: "He has been to the heart of the wood. Did you truly expect to wield power over him?" / —Oakhide druid
Sylvan Safekeeper: "How could someone so small cause so much trouble?" / —Nomad sentry
Sylvan Scrying: One glimpse of an elf's home lasts her weeks away in the wild.
Sylvan Yeti: The deeper the wood, the greater its strength.
Sylvok Explorer: Any creature on a druid's shoulder is his family, any land under his feet his home.
Sylvok Lifestaff: The druid's lifestaff connects her to generations of bygone Sylvok.
Sylvok Replica: All the zeal of the Sylvok with only a trace of their conservancy.
Symbiosis: Although the elves of Argoth always considered them a nuisance, the pixies made fine allies during the war against the machines.
Symbiotic Beast: The insects found a meal in the carrion of the beast's prey. The beast found a spiffy new hairstyle.
Symbiotic Deployment: "You know your orders. I know your hearts. Now the stronghold will know defeat." / —Eladamri
Symbiotic Elf: The elves arriving in Wirewood had no homes, let alone weapons, but they knew that the forest would always provide.
Symbiotic Wurm: The insects keep the wurm's hide free from parasites. In return, the wurm doesn't eat the insects.
Symbol Status: "Everyone break into teams. Weaponry, you're with me. Nature group, meet by the palm tree. Stoneworks and metalworks, follow the anvil. Everyone else, gather around the giant V." / —Sword of Kaldra
Symbol of Unsummoning: ". . . inviting the soul to wander for a spell in abysses of solitude . . . ." / —Kate Chopin, The Awakening
Symbol of Unsummoning: ". . . inviting the soul to wander for a spell in abysses of solitude . . . ." —Kate Chopin, The Awakening
Synapse Sliver: "Species XR17 feeds upon the mental energies of its victims. This explains why the goblins remain unaffected." / —Riptide Project researcher
Synchronous Sliver: "With a twitch of its muscles, its timeline forks. Then, just as quickly, its two selves reintegrate. Causality, strangely, seems not to mind." / —Rukarumel, field journal
Syncopate: "Memories can't simply be washed away. The mind must be scrubbed clean." / —Ambassador Laquatus
Syncopate: "Patience, mage. Killing you now would be too easy."
Syndic of Tithes: "Entrance is free. Donations are required." / —Notice outside Vizkopa Bank
Syndicate Enforcer: Even the darkest corners of Ravnica still lie in the shadow of the Church.
Synod Artificer: Memnarch shared a touch of his power with the vedalken in return for their service. It is a debt he intends to collect.
Synod Centurion: "We order them to stand, they stand. We order them to wait, they wait. We order them to die, they die." / —Pontifex, elder researcher
Syphon Flesh: Necromancers deal in commodities far more precious than gold and grain.
Syphon Life: Leeches never tire of feeding.
Syphon Mind: When tempers run high, it's easy to lose your head.
Syphon Sliver: When the hive must feed, every appendage becomes an additional mouth.
Syphon Soul: "Her lips suck forth; see, where it flies!" / —Christopher Marlowe, The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus
Syphon Soul: As Phage drank their energy, a vague memory of Jeska stirred. Then she lost herself again in the joy of her victims' suffering.
Tablet of Epityr: Originally considered the work of Urza, this tablet was created by forgers seeking to imitate Urza's masterpieces.
Tablet of the Guilds: It is rumored the Azorius paid an exorbitant sum to ensure its symbol would appear at the top.
Tahngarth's Rage: "Taste my horns!" / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Tahngarth: Tahngarth, first mate of the Weatherlight under Sisay, knows that there are really only two forms of life: the ugly ones and the minotaurs. A narcissist, he considers the condition of his hide as important as the accuracy of his blade.
Taigam's Scheming: "The Jeskai would have me bow in restraint. So I have found a people unafraid of true power."
Tainted Monkey: "C'mon, choose ‘monkey.' Everybody loves monkeys"
Tainted Sigil: Sigils corrupted by outsiders do not lose their power, only their purity.
Tainted Strike: "Welcome to perfection." / —Sheoldred, Whispering One
Tainted Well: "No, you get the water. I ain't thirsty." / —Squee
Tainted Æther: Gix despised the sylvan morass. The gouge that the portal had torn in the forest was the only pleasing sight.
Tainted Æther: Pockets of Æther can be so foul they melt flesh from bone.
Tajic, Blade of the Legion: "I run the maze alone, but I fight with the full might of the Legion."
Tajuru Preserver: "No more blood shall be spilled to satisfy another's deluded lust for power."
Takara: Takara banishes the shadow of her father's ignoble reputation through the dedication, plain speaking, and swift action of a warrior. By refusing Starke's path of self-interest and opportunism, she has learned what he never will know: the value of sacrifice for a worthy cause.
Take Up Arms: "Many scales make the skin of a dragon." / —Abzan wisdom
Takeno's Cavalry: At night he perfected his aim, shooting spiderwebs by starlight.
Takenuma Bleeder: "I prefer to weave my magic through oni blood, but yours will do in a pinch."
Talara's Bane: "Your thoughts betray you." / —Illulia of Nighthearth
Talara's Battalion: The safewright Talara protects a delicate woodland waterfall. She has vowed to send wave after wave of warriors to slay any who would dare disturb its beauty.
Talas Air Ship: "Their ships pollute our air as they themselves pollute our forest." / —Arathel, elvish queen
Talas Merchant: The trader let loose a laugh that made all around him check their purses.
Talas Researcher: From time, knowledge. / From knowledge, power.
Talas Scout: "Scouting a battle before you fight it is just good business." / —Jefan, Talas ship captain
Talas Warrior: The sea is in their blood. Literally.
Tallowisp: Isolated on its little candlewick, the kami never heard of the crime that drove its comrades to war.
Talon Sliver: "Keep them at sword's length!" Gerrard's order fell flat as each sliver's talon suddenly grew longer. "Hold on—break out the polearms!"
Talon Trooper: "The volcanic winds make a maze of the skies of Jund. If we mean to invade, we must first learn their invisible paths."
Talonrend: Change is a denizen of Shadowmoor as much as ouphes and noggles are.
Talrand's Invocation: After Talrand conquered the depths of Shandalar, his ambitions drove him skyward, joined by servants whose drive and curiosity equaled his own.
Talrand, Sky Summoner: "The seas are vast, but the skies are even more so. Why be content with one kingdom when I can rule them both?"
Talruum Champion: In the Talruum language, there is no word for "surprised."
Talruum Minotaur: Don't insult a Talruum unless your mount is swift. / —Suq'Ata saying
Talruum Piper: When the Talruum began to play, the dragons fell from the sky to squash the obnoxious noise.
Talus Paladin: "Why fill pockets with gold when you can fill hearts with conviction?"
Tamanoa: When Freyalise spoke the World Spell, the tamanoa rose to bring a new morning to Terisiare.
Tangle Angler: A plague on the curious.
Tangle Asp: "I have no fangs, yet I constantly bite. I have no scales, yet I slither through you. What am I?" / —Riddle of the viper's venom
Tangle Golem: The longer it weaves through the twisted vines of the Tangle, the more it adopts their hidden strength.
Tangle Hulk: "A true Phyrexian predator. It will never know death, just as nature intended." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Tangle Mantis: The fiercest hunters in the Tangle don't seek out the mantises. They are the mantises.
Tangle Spider: Only rumors have ever escaped its web.
Tangle Spider: They're considered good luck by the elves they don't eat.
Tangle: Gaea battles rampant death with abundant life.
Tanglebloom: Druids converted swaths of the Tangle into tanglebloom orchards. Though heavy tools are needed to cut a leaf in the Tangle, tanglebloom fruit is easily plucked by hand.
Tanglebloom: The bloom contains no seeds. It's meant only to nourish the forest's inhabitants.
Tangleroot: As if there's glitch in the system, the Tangle sometimes folds in on itself, throwing off sparks of mana in a mystifying display.
Tanglesap: "The blood of the forest is beholden to no one." / —Nissa Revane
Tanglewalker: In bringing life to Mirrodin, Memnarch was more successful than he knew—for Mirrodin began to take on a life of its own.
Taniwha: "Taniwha rolls in its sleep, and the land is awash with the waves." / —Poetics of Hanan
Taoist Hermit: Taoists chose to be hermits for many reasons, but all shared one unchanging goal: to follow the Tao.
Taoist Mystic: By appearing in places miles apart at the same time, Zuo Ci exhibited the mystic's ability to "shrink the land."
Tar Pit Warrior: "The cyclops shrugged off savage blows, but casual insults made him weep." / —Azeworai, "The Cyclops who Couldn't"
Tar Pitcher: "Auntie Grub had caught a goat, a bleating doe that still squirmed in her arms. At the same time, her warren decided to share with her a sensory greeting of hot tar . . . ." / —A tale of Auntie Grub
Tarfire: "After Auntie brushed the soot from her eyes, she discovered something wonderful: the fire had turned the goat into something that smelled delicious." / —A tale of Auntie Grub
Tariel, Reckoner of Souls: "After death you face paradise, damnation, or Tariel." / —Priest's teaching
Tarmogoyf: What doesn't grow, dies. And what dies grows the tarmogoyf.
Tarox Bladewing: Despising his siblings as insults to his line, he finds and devours each in turn.
Tarpan: "A good Tarpan will serve you, faithful and true. A bad one will kick you in the head." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Tarpan: "A good tarpan will serve you, faithful and true. A bad one will kick you in the head." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Task Force: They are the reflection of Rushwood's glow on the edge of a wooden sword.
Taste for Mayhem: The taste of blood breaks down what little self-control the Rakdos possess.
Taste of Blood: "How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads, to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams." / —Bram Stoker, Dracula
Taste of Paradise: "Any who drink of Freyalise's bounty drink the mead of rebirth." / —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Taste of Paradise: "There is, in each of us, the potential to heal and the gift of renewed life." / —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Tattered Drake: "Drakes embody the worst of Ravnica: great potential, twisted by selfishness and greed." / —Razia
Tatterkite: "I rigged it together from wicker and scrap, yet somehow I find it unalterably perfect." / —Braenna, cobblesmith
Tattermunge Maniac: It shows up at one meal wearing the carcass of the last.
Tattermunge Witch: The Tattermunge gang has no words for the spell that whips their instinctual rage into a frenzy. They only know they like it.
Taunting Challenge: Incensed by their opponents' unrelenting taunts, even wise generals were known to rashly lead their troops into battle—often to disastrous defeats.
Taunting Elf: Much to Multani's chagrin, Rofellos gleefully tutored Yavimaya's elves on the rudest and most vulgar words spoken in Llanowar.
Taunting Elf: The safety of the village depends on the beast thinking with its stomach.
Taurean Mauler: The power of a waterfall. The fury of an avalanche. The intellect of a gale-force wind.
Tavern Swindler: Rakdos cultists are her best customers. They never flinch at pain and are seldom good at math.
Tawnos's Weaponry: When Urza's war machines became too costly, Tawnos's weaponry replaced them.
Tawnos's Weaponry: When war machines became too costly, Tawnos's Weaponry replaced them.
Tawnos's Weaponry: When war machines became too costly, Tawnos's weaponry replaced them.
Tawnos: Tawnos brings a childlike wonder and an inherent skill to Urza's studio and bridges the wizardry of the workshop with the grandeur of the royal court. His speed and flexibility quickly earned him promotion from apprentice to master artificer.
Team Spirit: Due to some late-night partying, the chicken missed the group photo.
Teardrop Kami: "Do not fall into the trap of thinking you understand the kami. Cannot a drop of water be dew on the meadow, a glacier's thaw, or the tear of a child?" / —Sensei Hisoka
Tectonic Break: Only the foolish and the rich build their houses where the land is thin and the ocean is near.
Tectonic Edge: "We move because the earth does." / —Bruse Tarl, Goma Fada nomad
Tectonic Fiend: The barbarians of Pardia are long dead, but its mountains still smolder with rage.
Tectonic Instability: "Think of the problems we'll face if you uproot entire continents," said Urza. / "I have," replied Teferi, "but the alternative is worse."
Tectonic Rift: "You will kneel before me, even if I have to split the earth under your feet!" / —Ash Kronor, Keldon warlord
Teferi's Care: "If I do nothing else, I will protect my people." / —Teferi
Teferi's Curse: "Stepping through time is like riding a camel. It may get you where you want to go, but the ride is rarely pleasant." / —Teferi
Teferi's Drake: "We threw dried fruit to the drakes that rode the air, streaming along the Weatherlight's side as we sailed amidst the clouds." / —Sisay, Captain of the Weatherlight
Teferi's Honor Guard: "They may seem ceremonial, but their swords are still sharp." / —Kipkemboi, Kukemssa pirate
Teferi's Imp: Made you look.
Teferi's Isle: The three wizards knew only that this isle held a great mystery—and that patience alone would solve it.
Teferi's Moat: "Isolation is not the answer." / —Urza, to Teferi
Teferi's Moat: "Isolation is not the answer." / —Urza, to Teferi.
Teferi's Realm: "Fire is dead. Water has killed him." / —From The Stories of Nature
Teferi's Veil: "I don't like to speak ill of 'walkers . . . but just what did Teferi think he was doing?" / —Ertai, wizard adept
Teferi, Mage of Zhalfir: To save this plane, he must forsake all others.
Tel-Jilad Archers: They are extensions of the Tangle, stretching its vines into the furthest reaches of the sky.
Tel-Jilad Chosen: "It is my honor to keep safe Tel-Jilad's secrets, not to know them."
Tel-Jilad Defiance: The Viridian elves had purged their culture of the trolls' traitorous influence. In times of strife, however, the ancestral memories returned.
Tel-Jilad Exile: For his crimes, he was made to forget all the trolls' secrets. Now he knows only that he is outcast, but not why.
Tel-Jilad Fallen: "No longer am I shackled to antiquity. My new masters will etch a glorious future."
Tel-Jilad Lifebreather: "The Tangle loans you life. Spend it well."
Tel-Jilad Outrider: "When the levelers come again, we shall be ready for them."
Tel-Jilad Stylus: Etched on Tel-Jilad's trunk is an entire history of Mirrodin—except for an expanse near the ground scrubbed smooth by an unknown hand.
Tel-Jilad Wolf: Thanks to the wolves, Tel-Jilad is the one area of Mirrodin the myr don't see often.
Telekinetic Bonds: "Nature's been fired. The oceans are under new management." / —Ambassador Laquatus
Telekinetic Sliver: "Slivers are guided only by simple instinct. Advance the hive, and you will be welcomed. Impede the hive, and you will face unrelenting opposition." / —Freyalise
Telepathic Spies: "Do try to keep an open mind, would you?"
Telepathic Spies: Most spies sneak into enemy camps. These spies sneak into enemy minds.
Telepathy: "Secrets? What secrets?"
Telepathy: "The most disappointing thing about learning telepathy is finding out how boring people really are." / —Teferi, fourth-level student
Telepathy: "The question isn't whether I can read minds. It's whether I have yet to find a mind worth reading." / —Ambassador Laquatus
Telethopter: After losing several of the devices to midair collisions, Greven forbade moggs from operating telethopters.
Telim'Tor's Darts: "People laughed at my darts—once." / —Telim'Tor
Telim'Tor's Edict: "Execution awaits the dissenter." / —Kasib ibn Naji, Letters
Telim'Tor: "The curious merely amass knowledge. The ambitious use it." / —Telim'Tor
Teller of Tales: Words never uttered by mortals flowed incessantly from its many mouths.
Telling Time: Mastery is achieved when "telling time" becomes "telling time what to do."
Temp of the Damned: "Not the graveyard shift again!"
Temper: "I don't need a plan, just a goal. The rest will follow on its own." / —Gerrard
Tempered Steel: "Death shall prevail as long as our will falls to rust. May necessity anneal our resolve." / —Ghalma the Shaper
Tempest Drake: "Its speed will be equaled only by the swiftness of my enemy's fall." / —Kaervek
Tempest of Light: "Let everything return to its true nature, so that destiny may take its course."
Tempest of Light: "Let everything return to its true nature, so that destiny may takes its course."
Tempest of Light: "This world reeks of another's hand. Someone or something is defying the power of the gods and shaping this planet. I intend for it to stop." / —Glissa Sunseeker
Temple Acolyte: Young, yes. Inexperienced, yes. Weak? Don't count on it.
Temple Bell: Enlightenment is not gained by striking the bell or hearing its toll. It's found in the silence that follows.
Temple Elder: "Give us breath. Give us life. Prepare us for the day we make." / —The Alaborn "Rite of Battle"
Temple Garden: In the gardens of the Conclave, order and beauty are the roots of power.
Temple of the False God: Those who bring nothing to the temple take nothing away.
Temporal Adept: "If yesterday was two days ago tomorrow, will the day after tomorrow be today or yesterday?" / —Temporal Manipulation 101 final exam, / Tolarian Academy
Temporal Adept: "Of course she's at the head of her class. All her classmates have disappeared." / —Gatha, Tolarian renegade
Temporal Adept: "Of course she's at the head of her class. All of her classmates have disappeared." / —Tolarian renegade
Temporal Eddy: As the temporal fractures spread and time itself slowly fell apart, visitors started to appear from across the past and future, and those native to the present began to disappear.
Temporal Extortion: "The scythe of time or my blade at your throat—the choice is yours." / —Holux, stronghold racketeer
Temporal Manipulation: Doing something at the last minute isn't so bad when you can make that minute last.
Temporal Mastery: Time is a marvelous plaything.
Temporal Spring: One splash of the spring's water knocks you clear into last week.
Temur Banner: Savagery to survive, courage to triumph.
Tenacious Dead: Raising the bones of Hekjek the Mad proved far easier than getting them to lie back down.
Tendrils of Corruption: "Even swamps need sustenance. We will give it to them, and in turn, they will sustain us." / —Ezrith, druid of the Dark Hours
Tendrils of Corruption: Darkness doesn't always send its minions to do its dirty work.
Tendrils of Despair: "Because I am incapable of tears does not mean I have no need to shed them." / —Karn, silver golem
Tenement Crasher: Nothing was going to stop it—not the narrow alleys, not the Boros garrison, and certainly not the four-story Orzhov cathedral.
Terashi's Cry: "The sun kami is terrible to behold. When its temper flares, best seek shade and pray for forgiveness." / —Sensei Golden-Tail
Terashi's Grasp: "The jeweler, the potter, the smith . . . They all imbue a bit of their souls into their creations. The kami destroy that crafted mortal shell and absorb the soul within." / —Noboru, master kitemaker
Terashi's Verdict: It was as though the sky opened its eyes and found what it saw displeasing.
Teremko Griffin: "When we're aloft, I love to lean over the Weatherlight's railing and watch the patterns the griffins' shadows make on the clouds below." / —Sisay, Captain of the Weatherlight
Terminate: "I've seen death before. My mother succumbing to illness, my comrades bleeding on the battlefield . . . But I'd never seen anything as dreadful as that." / —Taani, berserker of Etlan
Terminate: Like his mother before him, Darigaaz gave his life defending Dominaria from the tyranny of self-styled "gods."
Teroh's Faithful: The light of reason follows them even into battle.
Terra Eternal: "If this world could make a wish, it would be to survive the parasites who loot its treasures and threaten its life force." / —Saidah, Joraga hunter
Terra Ravager: It lives in the mountaintops, feeds at the mountains' feet, and kills anything it finds on the path between.
Terra Stomper: Its footfalls cause violent earthquakes, hurtling boulders, and unseasonable dust storms.
Terra Stomper: Sometimes violent earthquakes, hurtling boulders, and unseasonable dust storms are wrongly attributed to the Roil.
Terraformer: "This feels a little more like home."
Terramorphic Expanse: Take two steps north into the unsettled future, south into the unquiet past, east into the present day, or west into the great unknown.
Terrifying Presence: Elmut had slaughtered vampires, slain werewolves, and destroyed hordes of zombies. Sadly, he never got over his fear of spiders.
Territorial Baloth: Its territory is defined by wherever it is at the moment.
Territorial Dispute: Bit by bit, Mercadia City had forced the Cho-Arrim from their ancestral lands. They would be pushed no further.
Terror: "A simple trap in a dark corner of the mind, and their nightmares catch up with them." / —Geth, keeper of the Vault
Terrus Wurm: "We follow it through its tunnels, and where it dies, we farm." / —Mihas, spore druid
Test of Endurance: "If we have learned nothing else, we have learned to survive." / —Mystic elder
Test of Faith: Those who survive the test bear a mark of power anyone can recognize.
Testament of Faith: "Belief in the Ancestor is admirable, but our enemies often demand something more . . . tangible." / —Pianna, nomad captain
Tethered Griffin: Poorly trained griffins sometimes attack the noble audiences that gather to watch their progress.
Tethered Skirge: It bites the hand that leads it.
Tethmos High Priest: "Death is tyranny. Like all tyranny, it must be opposed."
Teysa, Orzhov Scion Avatar: GPT Participation Avatar
Thalakos Drifters: They drift in and out of shadow and ever on toward madness.
Thalakos Mistfolk: "They are ‘between' in every way." / —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Thalakos Seer: "You see our world when you shut your eyes so tightly that tiny shapes float before them." / —Lyna, to Ertai
Thalakos Sentry: "Ill luck and poor geography caught the Thalakos between us and the Dauthi." / —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Thalia, Guardian of Thraben: "Thraben is our home and I will not see it fall to this unhallowed horde."
Thassa's Bounty: "Was this gift cast adrift for any to find, or did Thassa guide the currents to bring it to me alone?" / —Kenessos, priest of Thassa
Thassa's Devourer: When mortals claim there are places Thassa cannot reach, the sea god laughs.
Thassa's Ire: The sailor had never seen a god before. Now she had gazed upon Thassa. Shortly she would see Athreos, and then she would meet Erebos.
Thassa's Rebuff: To resist Thassa is to deny the rising tide.
That Which Was Taken: "This god held prisoner in human hands has put all humanity in the hands of angry gods." / —Masako the Humorless
Thatcher Revolt: The dark times left the peasantry ready to fight with whatever weapons were at hand.
The Abyss: "An immense river of oblivion is sweeping us away into a nameless abyss." —Ernest Renan, Souvenirs d'Enfance et de Jeunesse
The Brute: "Union may be strength, but it is mere blind brute strength unless wisely directed." / —Samuel Butler
The Brute: "Union may be strength, but it is mere blind brute strength unless wisely directed." —Samuel Butler
The Brute: After years of being bullied, Fergo reaped the benefits of his newfound strength: he never met a man he didn't want to fight.
The Cheese Stands Alone: The meat, on the other hand, has frequent visitors.
The Dead Shall Serve: "Tell your old master I said hello."
The Fallen: Magic often masters those who cannot master it.
The Hive: "Their buzzing makes my bones hum from a mile away." / —Galenti, treasure hunter
The Hive: Mouths and wings beyond numbering, but a single mind to guide them.
The Iron Guardian Stirs: "It would be disappointing if you were unable to overcome this simplest of defenses. Hilarious, but disappointing."
The Lady of the Mountain: Her given name has been lost in the mists of time. Legend says that her silent vigil will one day be ended by the one who, pure of heart and spirit, calls out that name again.
The Pieces Are Coming Together: "Cretins build machines. I construct destiny."
The Rack: Invented in Mishra's earlier days, the Rack was once his most feared creation.
The Rack: Invented in Mishra's earlier days, the rack was once his most feared creation.
The Ultimate Nightmare of Wizards of the Coast® Customer Service: Mon.–Fri. 9:00 A.M.–8:00 P.M. Pacific / (206) 624-0933
The Unspeakable: It is madness that drives men to seek forbidden knowledge, and madness has given it form.
The Wretched: Once I had the strength but no wisdom; now I have the wisdom but no strength. / —Persian proverb
Theft of Dreams: "First they fight, then they sleep, then they dream. And finally I receive my reward."
Theft of Dreams: "Volrath stole everything there was of me." / —Takara
Theft of Dreams: Energy is never lost, only transformed.
Thelon of Havenwood: "The sight of my thallids still thriving is a bittersweet welcome to this cold waste."
Thelonite Druid: "The magic at the heart of all living things can bear awe-inspiring fruit." / —Kolevi of Havenwood, Elder Druid
Thelonite Druid: "The magic at the heart of all living things can bear awe-inspiring fruit." / —Kolevi of Havenwood, elder druid
Thelonite Monk: "As the climate worsened, some Thelonites turned to fertilizing with fresh blood in an attempt to keep Havenwood alive and growing." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Thermal Glider: "The Mercadians are too busy looking down on us to see us coming." / —Cho-Arrim rebel
Thermal Navigator: It takes off with a roar of superheated wind, startling wild pterons as they survey the ground below.
Thermokarst: "Finally we understand the lesson of our home: loss begets renewal." / —Kolbjörn, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Thermokarst: "Finally we understand the lesson of our home: loss begets renewal." / —Kolbjörn, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Thermopod: Slicking the ice with its heated underside, the thermopod skates at great speed to overtake its prey.
Thespian's Stage: Amid rumors of war, the third act of The Absolution of the Guildpact was quickly rewritten as a tragedy.
Thick-Skinned Goblin: The shaman of the tribe is responsible for keeping track of all its treasures, including angry pets and cursed lamps of fiery doom.
Thicket Basilisk: Moss-covered statues littered the area, a macabre monument to the Basilisk's power.
Thicket Basilisk: Moss-covered statues littered the area, a macabre monument to the basilisk's power.
Thicket Basilisk: Moss-covered statues littered the area, a macabre monument to the basilisk's terrible power.
Thieving Magpie: Other birds collect twigs for their nests. Magpies collect jewels for theirs.
Thieving Magpie: Other birds collect twigs for their nests. Magpies steal jewels for theirs.
Thieving Magpie: Rayne once made several unkind comparisons between the bird's naked opportunism and Urza's.
Thing from the Deep: Seafarers fear sailing off the world's edge not so much as down its gullet.
Think Tank: Cephalids seek knowledge not to better themselves, but to best others.
Think Twice: "Either I know just the spell I need, or I'm about to."
Think Twice: "Great books are meant to be read, then read again backwards or upside down!" / —Ettovard, Tolarian archivist
Thirst for Knowledge: "To truly know something, you must become it. The trick is to not lose yourself in the process."
Thirst for Knowledge: Lymph, the fluid essence of blinkmoths, is prized by wizards for the rush of intellect it provides.
Thirst for Knowledge: Raissa transformed herself into a vessel for the Watchword Codex, allowing the arcane lore to flow through her body.
Thirst: The first of the Thousand Deaths.
Thistledown Liege: The thoughtweft is his informant, and he its devoted guardian.
Thopter Foundry: "Etherium is limited. Innovation is not." / —Tezzeret
Thorn Elemental: Rain from this storm leaves you pinned to the ground like an insect.
Thorn Thallid: "I don't know which is worse, getting hit with those darts or having to watch them grow back." / —Orcish Soldier
Thorn Thallid: "Scholars still debate whether the Thallids were truly sentient." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Thorn Thallid: "The cooling climate forced the Elves to experiment with new food sources." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. I
Thorn Thallid: "The danger in cultivating massive plants caught the elves by surprise." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. III
Thorn of Amethyst: Mined from a cave in the Dark Meanders, it shines brightest when no one is looking.
Thorncaster Sliver: Every inch of a sliver's body is a potential claw, appendage, or projectile.
Thornscape Familiar: Blessed with many options, Thornscape masters favor scarabs as familiars.
Thorntooth Witch: The crone's boughs creaked as she spoke. "You look peaked, little one. Come, sip from my warm brew. It'll have you blooming in no time."
Thornweald Archer: Their arrows are tipped with basilisk eyes and fletched with cockatrice feathers.
Thornwind Faeries: Guarding the ship is the Thornwinds' first concern. Getting along with the locals ranks fourth or fifth at best.
Thought Courier: "There's an assortment to satisfy all your needs: deep, fleeting, dirty, pure, scientific, philosophical, after, and even fore. For a price."
Thought Courier: It is telling of the vedalkens' culture that they trust human couriers more than their own comrades.
Thought Devourer: Thinking is hard.
Thought Eater: The first memory it sucks out of its host is how to get rid of it.
Thought Nibbler: Balshan wizards have long used them to gnaw away the memories they wish to forget.
Thought Reflection: Knowledge fills the mind of a fool and opens the mind of the sage.
Thought Scour: "As you inject the viscus vitae into the brain stem, don't let the spastic moaning bother you. It will soon become music to your ears." / —Stitcher Geralf
Thoughtbind: "As the rest of the mortal world waged war, Lady Azami and her students invaded tomes of knowledge. Their search yielded spells critical in the fight." / —Observations of the Kami War
Thoughtbound Primoc: Efforts to use them as spies failed when they kept reporting to the enemy.
Thoughtcast: Vedalken eyes don't see the beauty in things. They see only what those things can teach.
Thoughtcutter Agent: Agents of the Architects of Will mark their victims as a reminder that their secrets are secret no longer.
Thoughtflare: "If this is thinking, I don't know what I was doing before."
Thoughtleech: "A resourceful mage has many sources of information. The best one is your foe." / —Zur the Enchanter
Thoughtleech: "Their thoughts flow through my mind, and I am healed." / —Fyndhorn elder
Thoughtpicker Witch: "Once the brew gets the brains nice and pickled, they're a lot easier to pick through."
Thoughtrender Lamia: Some predators can sense fear in their prey, but the lamia is drawn to madness.
Thoughts of Ruin: "In our war with the kami, we annihilate what is our own. Do they too suffer ruination in their hidden world?" / —Diary of Azusa
Thoughtseize: "Any dream is a robust harvest. Still, I prefer the timeworn dreams, heavy with import, that haunt the obsessive mind."
Thoughtseize: "Knowledge is such a burden. Release it. Release all your fears to me." / —Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
Thoughtweft Gambit: The kithkin mind-bond is even tighter in Shadowmoor, reinforcing the unity of their community to the point of xenophobia.
Thousand-Year Elixir: Paradoxically, to tilt the massive jug for a sip, you'd need the energy of the giant's tonic.
Thraben Doomsayer: "Swarms of the unhallowed claw at Thraben's gates! Do you still deny the end approaches?"
Thraben Heretic: "Let them decry me for burning the dead. I'm not giving those ghoulcallers any more fuel for their madness."
Thraben Militia: "The time for grief is over. The time for retribution has begun."
Thraben Purebloods: "I've learned to trust my dogs' instincts. When they're calm, I'm calm. And when they get nervous, I get my crossbow." / —Hinrik of House Cecani
Thraben Sentry: "Looks like it's going to be a quiet night."
Thraben Valiant: "Once more into Devil's Breach, soldiers. I want another devil tail for my collection."
Thragtusk: "Always carry two spears." / —Mokgar, Kalonian hunter
Thran Dynamo: Urza's metathran children were conceived, birthed, and nurtured by an integrated system of machines.
Thran Forge: "This will work," Gerrard called to the elves as he used the forge to strengthen the aboroth, "but if it doesn't, we won't survive to care."
Thran Foundry: "What we do not use up, we use again." / —Urza
Thran Golem: As a beaver's teeth grow unchecked without regular use, so does the golem's armor grow without regular battles.
Thran Golem: Karn felt more secure about his value to Urza when he realized he didn't need regular trimming.
Thran Golem: The golems of the ancient Thran still draw power in ways that baffle the artificers of today.
Thran Lens: "Every device in the rig is evidence of Thran enlightenment. All mana was the same to them, whether from rock or water, growth or decay. Can you imagine such unity of vision?" / —Urza, journal
Thran Tome: Every line holds a tale, and between lie a thousand more.
Thran Turbine: When Urza asked the viashino what it did, they answered: "It hums."
Thrashing Mudspawn: It just obeys you. It doesn't like you.
Thrashing Wumpus: Young wumpuses are malevolent and vicious—but they grow out of it.
Thraximundar: His name means "he who paints the earth red."
Threads of Disloyalty: "Over time, Konda grew ever more suspicious, fearing even his most loyal allies were being manipulated by unseen hands." / —The History of Kamigawa
Threaten: Goblins' motivational techniques are crude, but effective.
Three Dreams: "Choose one to heal, one to harm, and one to grant you the prudence to use them." / —Miotri, auratouched mage
Three Tragedies: "As the kami passed over the village of Mita, the inhabitants relived their three most grievous tragedies. Some cried. Some raged. Some were driven to madness. But the next morning, none possessed the will to fight." / —Observations of the Kami War
Three Visits: "Trying to meet a worthy man in the wrong way is as bad as closing the door on an invited guest." / —Mencius, a Chinese philosopher
Thresher Beast: It destroys everything in its path, including the path itself.
Thrill-Kill Assassin: As the bounty on Massacre Girl rose, so did the number of imitators.
Thriss, Nantuko Primus: "When you live for others, you live for yourself."
Thrive: "We wait and watch, and as we prepare for war, we grow strong."
Thrive: The most successful of Simic creations is cytoplasm, a living, symbiotic substance that feeds off genetic rhythms and strengthens its host in return.
Throne of Bone: Tainted by a thousand fears.
Throne of Empires: "With this throne, unite your nation." / —Throne inscription
Throne of Geth: At the heart of Ish Sah, Geth stokes the dark fires of Phyrexia.
Throttle: "The best servants are made from those who died without a scratch." / —Sidisi, khan of the Sultai
Thrull Champion: "Those idiots should never have bred Thrulls for combat!" / —Jherana Rure
Thrull Champion: "Those idiots should never have bred thrulls for combat!" / —Jherana Rure
Thrull Parasite: The hunger of a vampire and the subtlety of a tax collector.
Thrull Retainer: "Until the Rebellion, Thrulls served their masters faithfully—even at the cost of their own lives." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Thrull Retainer: "Until the Rebellion, thrulls served their masters faithfully—even at the cost of their own lives." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Thrull Surgeon: "Just take a little off the top."
Thrull Wizard: "In crafting intelligent Thrulls to assist in sacrifices, Sahr inadvertantly set the stage for the Thrull Rebellion." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. II
Thrun, the Last Troll: His crime was silence, and now he suffers it eternally.
Thumbscrews: "We will start small, I think." / —Volrath
Thunder Dragon: Sometimes primitive cultures attributed natural phenomena to monsters. Sometimes they were right.
Thunder Spirit: "It was full of fire and smoke and light and . . . it drove between us and the Efrafans like a thousand thunderstorms with lightning." —Richard Adams, Watership Down
Thunder Strike: Lightning reflexes, thunderous might.
Thunder Wall: "The Lemures had barely taken wing when the sky roared with thunder. The swarm of little beasts wavered, divided, and fell, crashing to the earth." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Thunder Wall: "The lemures had barely taken wing when the sky roared with thunder. The swarm of little beasts wavered, divided, and fell, crashing to the earth." / —General Jarkeld, the Arctic Fox
Thunder-Thrash Elder: Viashino thrashes are led by elders who have survived countless challenges.
Thunderbolt: "Most wizards consider a thunderbolt to be a proper retort." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Thunderbolt: "My next aerial design will use less metal." / —Hadaken, alchemist of Nephalia
Thundercloud Elemental: Some days it's better to stay inside.
Thundercloud Shaman: He cares not for the disasters his storm brings as long as his path ahead is clear.
Thunderfoot Baloth: If you hear it, it's too late.
Thunderheads: The clouds grew thick, and then they grew teeth.
Thundering Giant: The giant was felt a few seconds before he was seen.
Thundering Tanadon: "We do not need beakers and vials to test our predators." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Thundermare: Its hooves strike lightning and the thunder follows quickly after.
Thunderscape Familiar: Thunderscape masters release familiars to help guide their apprentices down the thunderscape path.
Thundersong Trumpeter: "Hear that? Those notes mean we've arrived at Sunhome! Let our allies' hearts soar and our enemies' hearts shatter at the sound!" / —Klattic, Boros legionnaire
Thunderstaff: Jort the Thunder-Mad spent his life perfecting a way to harness the power of the heavens.
Tibor and Lumia: Tracing the horizon in a dance of wind and fire.
Tidal Bore: The dry riverbed became a raging torrent, and the Cho-Arrim claimed their prize.
Tidal Force: "Do not speak the name of the sea, for if it should hear you and rise up, no fortress in the world could hide you." / —Gimara of Halimar
Tidal Kraken: To merfolk, pirates are a nuisance. To pirates, merfolk are a threat. To the kraken, they're both appetizers.
Tidal Surge: "'Twas  when the seas were roaring / With hollow blasts of wind . . . ." / —John Gay, "The What D'Ye Call It"
Tidal Surge: "It is nature that gives us our boundaries and nature that enforces them." / —Eladamri, Lord of Leaves
Tidal Surge: Four little goblins, trapped by the sea. One teased a serpent, and then there were three.
Tidal Visionary: Beneath the waves, things appear the way merfolk want them to.
Tidal Warrior: The tide of battle favors those who can swim.
Tidal Wave: When mountains ride the sea, waves live upon the fields.
Tideforce Elemental: Ebb and flow, high tide and low, quick as sand and just as slow.
Tidehollow Strix: The scullers beneath Esper keep strixes as trained pets, and set them loose when a fare refuses to pay.
Tideshaper Mystic: He paints with drop and shimmer a world that exists only in the wistful heart.
Tidespout Tyrant: He unmakes the world in his own image.
Tidings: "Many wearing rapiers are afraid of goose-quills." / —William Shakespeare, Hamlet
Tidings: "Though the letter was many pages long, I could tell all I needed to know from one look at the messenger's face." / —Barrin, master wizard
Tiger Claws: Cho-Arrim martial artists emulate the beasts of their home.
Tigereye Cameo: "An elvish adventurer unearthed this stone in Jolrael's jungle. Now it's truly fit for display in one of her palaces." / —Isel, master carver
Tilling Treefolk: He digs his roots into barren ground, searching for old seeds that never had the chance to sprout.
Timber Protector: In his presence, an ordinary grove becomes a bastion to turn spells and break armies.
Timber Wolves: Though many think of Wolves as solitary predators, they are actually extremely social animals. During a hunt they often call to each other, which can be quite unsettling for their prey.
Timberland Guide: "Can you build a fire? Track a deer? Identify killer trees? Then you'll never survive Kessig without me."
Timbermare: Only nature wreaks such lovely havoc.
Timbermaw Larva: "You can't trust your eyes. A tree might look healthy, but its insides tell a different tale." / —Zahr Gada, Halimar expedition leader
Timberpack Wolf: "The need for the pack is bred in their bones. Their true strength will not show itself for any other purpose." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Timberwatch Elf: Even through the Mirari's voice, the elves still hear the call of their kinship.
Time Ebb: "Gone today, here tomorrow." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Time Ebb: "The ogre had come from out of the blue, so that's where I sent it back." / —Talas wizard
Time Ebb: "Yesterday you were just a figment of your master's imagination. I liked you better then." / —Shai Fusan, archmage
Time Ebb: Like the tide, time both ebbs and flows.
Time Reversal: "Any oaf can conquer a kingdom. It takes true power to conquer time." / —Shai Fusan, archmage
Time Reversal: "Optimists see the world as they wish it to be. Pessimists see the world as it is. Must these roles be mutually exclusive?" / —Evo Ragus
Time Sieve: "I pray that I am never considered useless or old." / —Sharuum the Hegemon
Time Stretch: There's lots of time like the present.
Time Warp: "Let's do it again!" / —Squee, goblin cabin hand
Time Warp: Just when you thought you'd survived the first wave.
Time and Tide: "Time may heal all wounds, but what heals time?" / —Teferi
Time of Heroes: No one spoke. There was no need. The threat of the Eldrazi presented a simple choice: lay down your weapons and die for nothing, or hold them fast and die for something.
Time of Need: "When the kumo attacked the monks' sacred shrine, a mournful toll for help echoed through the forest. Thus began the Battle of Silk, which would last six years." / —Great Battles of Kamigawa
Timecrafting: Oddly, an unstable time stream makes wizards want to tinker with it even more.
Timely Reinforcements: The gods are not always kind, but they do have a soft spot for plucky underdogs.
Timid Drake: "I sneezed, and it bolted." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Timid Drake: It flees from anything that isn't shaped like a cloud.
Timmy, Power Gamer: "Just wait till I get my Leviathan . . . ."
Tin Street Hooligan: "Rauck-Chauv's like a holiday! Only it isn't on the calendars, and instead of dancing you knock people flat, and instead of giving gifts you break stuff."
Tin Street Market: "Sometimes I stroll along Tin Street and watch citizens busy with their daily lives. It reminds me why I do my job." / —Arrester Lavinia, Tenth Precinct
Tine Shrike: A new bird of prey—one that hunts sentience.
Tinker: "I wonder how it feels to be bored." / —Jhoira, artificer
Tinker: "What separates us from mere beasts is the capacity for self-improvement."
Tireless Missionaries: If they succeed in their holy work, their order will vanish into welcome obscurity, for there will be no more souls to redeem.
Tireless Tribe: "We've survived starvation, dwarf attacks, and heatstroke. Why should a little sandstorm bother us?"
Titan of Eternal Fire: There is no gift more precious or more perilous than fire.
Titania's Boon: When the winds rock the trees, listen for voices in the creaking of the trunks. If you hear your name, you are one of the Goddess's chosen.
Titania's Chosen: "What do a hero and an arrow have in common? In times of war are many more made." / —Elvish riddle
Titania: Voice of the Argoth forest, defender of its creatures, and enforcer of its laws, Titania is literally an aspect of the forest itself. Her power and her very existence are linked to the land: when the forest is healthy, Titania is ascendant. When Argoth suffers, Titania also bleeds.
Titanic Bulvox: With natural laws abandoned, excess thrives.
Titanic Growth: The massive dominate through might. The tiny survive with guile. Beware the tiny who become massive.
Titanic Growth: The pup looked over the treetops, eyeing the man who just yesterday had kicked her. Suddenly, her hunger was infused with pure delight.
Titanic Ultimatum: "Retribution is best delivered by claws and rage, with both magnified." / —Ajani
Titanium Golem: Centuries before the first blades of the Razor Fields chimed in the wind, Mirrodin echoed with the golems' footsteps.
Tivadar of Thorn: His blade came down upon the neck of a goblin—but not the one he had charged. When Tivadar looked up, the world he had known was gone.
To Arms!: "The call came, spell-borne through mortar and stone to the ear of every soldier. The call came, and the advantage was ours." / —Lodusz, captain of the watch
Tobias Andrion: Administrator of the military state of Sheoltun, Tobias Andrion is the military right arm of the empire and the figurehead of its freedom.
Tobias Andrion: Administrator of the military state of Sheoltun, Tobias is the military right arm of the empire and the figurehead of its freedom.
Toil to Renown: The last survivor of her patrol, the warrior returned expecting disappointment and scorn. Instead she found gratitude. "You are alive. That is reason to celebrate."
Toils of Night and Day: "The war sent Kamigawa into turmoil. Here it was spring and there winter. For some, time stood still, while for others, moments flashed past like minnows in a pond." / —Observations of the Kami War
Tolaria: "Fairest Isle, all isles excelling,/ Seat of pleasures, and of loves . . ." —John Dryden
Tolarian Academy: The academy worked with time—until time ran out.
Tolarian Drake: Many have been lost just in staring at its wings. What's seen differs from account to account, but madness is always part of the story.
Tolarian Entrancer: "Why should I boast? The bards will do it for me—and with music." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Tolarian Sentinel: "It is not just our people I try to rescue. It is our culture, and our hope that we can return to greatness."
Tolarian Serpent: "When the fishtails' threats of magic didn't move me, they set their pet on us." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Tolarian Winds: Afterward, Tolaria's winds were like the whispers of lost wizards, calling for life.
Tolarian Winds: Why not ask the winds? / —Tolarian expression meaning / "Who knows?"
Tomb of the Spirit Dragon: "The voice calls me here, yet I see only bones. Is this more dragon trickery?" / —Sarkhan Vol
Tombfire: The fondest memories burn brightest. As they're lost forever, the flames grow hotter still.
Tome Scour: "I hope none of those were important!"
Tome Scour: Genius is overrated, especially when it's someone else's.
Tonic Peddler: "The price is written at the bottom of the cup."
Tooth and Claw: "You deify nature as female—kind and gentle—yet you cringe at what is natural." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Tooth of Ramos: Ramos smiled, and there was day.
Tooth, Claw, and Tail: "Silence your wailing. This is but a taste of the destruction my pets have in store."
Topan Ascetic: Monks from Topa wander all of Bant, encouraging the Unbeholden to find their place in society through honorable combat.
Topple: "Let all witness the fate of those who defy me." / —Crovax
Topsy Turvy: "Here on going is heck the what?"
Tor Giant: "What do you do then? Run. Run very fast. Don't stop until you see the camp—or a bigger Giant." / —Toothlicker Harj, / Orcish Captain
Torch Drake: "Drakes? Bah! Things that breathe don't interest me. It breathes fire, you say? Well, that's a different story!" / —Zataz, Izzet clockwork artificer
Torch Fiend: Devils redecorate every room with fire.
Torch Slinger: Once thrown, twice burned.
Torment: "Volrath has killed me. All that remains of me is the scar!" / —Tahngarth
Tormented Angel: Falling from heaven is not as painful as surviving the impact.
Tormented Pariah: "Hey lads, the moon's rising. All the better to watch him beg for mercy."
Tormented Soul: Those who raged most bitterly at the world in life are cursed to roam the nether realms in death.
Tormented Thoughts: "Not all nightmares can be escaped by waking." / —Ashiok, Nightmare Weaver
Tormenting Voice: "Unwelcome thoughts crowd my mind. Are they my own madness, or the whispers of another?" / —Sarkhan Vol
Tormentor Exarch: "Tend the molten slag, or be the molten slag." / —Urabrask's enforcer
Tormentor's Trident: To a demon there is no such thing as restraint.
Tormod's Crypt: Dominaria's most extravagant crypt nevertheless holds an empty grave.
Tormod's Crypt: The dark opening seemed to breathe the cold, damp air of the dead earth in a steady rhythm.
Torpid Moloch: Market hucksters sell molochs for use as watchdogs. Of course, that's all molochs do. Sit around . . . and watch.
Torpor Dust: "Some folk these days are too restless to dream the dreams we need. We need to teach them to stop and catch their breath."
Torpor Orb: "Phyrexia is certainly dangerous, but I have to admire some of its innovations." / —Tezzeret
Torrent of Fire: Dragon fire melts any instrument designed to measure it.
Torrent of Lava: The mountain's voice shouts us all down.
Torsten Von Ursus: "How can you accuse me of evil? Though these deeds be unsavory, no one will argue: good shall follow from them."
Tortoise Formation: At sea, the Jhessian fleet strikes swiftly and decisively. On land, facing the elite cavalry of Valeron, its marines must rely on more cautious strategies.
Torture: "It helps pass the time until you die." / —Grandmother Sengir
Torture: "It helps you pass the time until you die." / —Grandmother Sengir
Torture: "Oh, they scream, right enough, and plead, too—but the Baron keeps no mercy in his vault of horrors." / —Zeki, Reef Pirate
Torture: What the vigor of life builds up, agony tears down again.
Tortured Existence: "There are terrors lurking in the unseen corners of us all." / —Crovax
Totally Lost: Fblthp had always hated crowds.
Totem Speaker: "Elves and beasts are tied together, and I am the knot that binds them."
Totem-Guide Hartebeest: The kor track hartebeests in hopes of finding magic to help fight the Eldrazi.
Touch and Go: Judge's ruling: The interior of the face still counts as the face, so a nose-pick is legitimate grounds for saying "Gotcha"
Touch of Brilliance: "I don't want what I don't have. I want more of what I do have."
Touch of Brilliance: Acting on one good idea is better than hoarding all the world's knowledge.
Touch of Darkness: "Black spirits and white, red spirits and gray,/ Mingle, mingle, mingle, you that mingle may." —Thomas Middleton, The Witch
Touch of Death: "What was yours is mine. Your land, your people, and now your life." / —Lim-Dûl, the Necromancer
Touch of Invisibility: Cephalids specialize in things unseen, be they politics, betrayal, or themselves.
Touch of the Eternal: "Time is a vigilant tyrant, but there are those who have broken free of its gaze." / —Laikas, Erunian monk
Touchstone: "One touch to the stone and the sidar's son turned me from stalwart to statue." / —Karn, silver golem
Tovolar's Magehunter: "Tovolar, my master. Gather the howlpack, for the Hunter's Moon is nigh and Thraben's walls grow weak."
Tower Defense: "The drakes are practice. We may one day need to bring down a sky swallower, or maybe even Rakdos himself." / —Korun Nar, Rubblebelt hunter
Tower Drake: The first motion put forth in the pristine Jelenn Column was for severe restrictions on the airspace around New Prahv.
Tower Drake: Young tower drakes quickly learn to maneuver among Benalia's many spires.
Tower Gargoyle: "Esper, like any work of art, can be truly appreciated only from a distance." / —Tezzeret
Tower Geist: Jenrik's tower is served by those who once sought to enter it uninvited.
Tower of Calamities: The ur-golems concealed one of their towers out of fear that its power would be abused, and in anticipation of a time when its power would be sorely needed.
Tower of Champions: The ur-golem runes tell of the transformation of Mirrodin's warden from silent guardian to merciless god.
Tower of Eons: Its etchings tell the ur-golems' stories of an entity able to force life into a lifeless plane.
Tower of Fortunes: The ur-golem etchings begin by celebrating Mirrodin's creator, a golem of almost limitless power. They end by cursing its protector, a being called Memnarch.
Tower of Murmurs: Etched on its surface are warnings from a long-lost race of ur-golems pushed to the brink of extinction.
Tower of the Magistrate: Like the city, weakest at its foundation.
Towering Baloth: The Mirari twisted all that lived in the Krosan Forest into gross mockeries of their former selves.
Towering Indrik: It chases its airborne prey relentlessly, heedless to what it pulverizes beneath its hooves.
Towering Thunderfist: "Nothing ruins a party like one of those big killjoys bursting through the door and setting all the guests free." / —Ruba, Rakdos cultist
Town Sentry: "So he gots a sword. Big deal." / "Yeah, it's a big deal—it's a big sword!" / —Two goblins outside the gates of Trokin
Toxic Deluge: "It's a difficult task to quarantine a plague that moves with the clouds." / —Esara, healer adept
Toxic Iguanar: There are no "weak" creatures on Jund. Even the smallest can strike a deadly blow.
Toxic Nim: The nim have become roving killers marshaled by whichever thane holds tenuous leadership.
Toxin Sliver: It doesn't need to use its venom—it just needs you to know it can.
Trade Routes: Like the price of goods, the value of the routes was renegotiated daily.
Trade Routes: The wise, the righteous, the mighty—the merchant feeds them all.
Tradewind Rider Avatar: Alternative-art Avatar
Tradewind Rider Avatar: TE Prize Avatar
Tradewind Rider: "'Tis a shame, in such a tempest, to have but one anchor." / —Laurence Sterne, Tristram Shandy
Tradewind Rider: It is said that the wind will blow the world past if you wait long enough.
Tragic Poet: "I would weep, but my tears have been stolen; I would shout, but my voice has been taken. Thus, I write."
Tragic Slip: Linger on death's door and risk being invited in.
Trailblazer's Boots: It's much easier to list the places they haven't been.
Trailblazer: "Our Elvish Hunter Taaveti led us swiftly along hidden paths through the dense forest. We caught the Orcs from behind, and completely by surprise." / —Lucilde Fiksdotter, Leader of the Order of the White Shield
Train of Thought: "But then . . . oh, but . . . which means . . . which would lead to . . . exactly!"
Trained Armodon: Armodons are trained to step on things. Enemy things.
Trained Armodon: These are its last days. Better to grow broad and heavy. Better that the enemy is crushed beneath its carcass.
Trained Caracal: Some Ravnicans consider carrying a sword to be beneath them, preferring instead a tooth-and-claw escort.
Trained Cheetah: "King Mulu's cheetahs came riding on the winds, charging, with fangs bared and claws flexed."
Trained Condor: "They're smart enough to understand that war means lots of carrion." / —Griv, condor rider
Trained Jackal: To taunt a man into action, call him a coward. To insult him beyond forgiveness, call him a jackal.
Trained Orgg: "That arm's for bashin'. That one's for smashin'. That one's for scratchin'. And that one . . . I don't know what that one's for." / —Orgg trainer
Trained Orgg: All orggs know how to kill; training teaches them what to kill.
Trained Pronghorn: "The desert asked the Ancestor for children, and the antelope were born." / —Nomad myth
Training Drone: "Vulshok flail, Viridian shield, loxodon blade . . . Tazzir, bring the Moriok hook and assemble the rookies." / —Vy Covalt, Neurok agent
Training Grounds: Under the master's eye, skills are honed sharper and spells cut deeper.
Traitorous Blood: "I can make you dance to my tune like a puppet, your very blood eager to obey." / —Olivia Voldaren
Traitorous Instinct: Joining the Worldsoul took years of study and meditation. Severing that connection took the snap of Rakdos's fingers.
Traitorous Instinct: The horror lurched about like a puppet from a madman's nightmare, squeezing the life from its own kind.
Tranquil Domain: "An ancient court mage unified the houses into guilds to serve Zhalfir above their own interests. Even during the civil war, the guilds stood together, a testament to the wisdom of Teferi." / —Afari, Tales
Tranquil Grove: "Even the fiercest storm has a peaceful eye." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Tranquil Path: Freyalise bought the planeswalkers the time they needed by clearing a path through the misshapen hell of Phyrexia.
Tranquility: "Peace will come, but whether born of harmony or entropy I cannot say." / —Oracle en-Vec
Tranquility: Sisay had been restored to her place on the ship, the Legacy had been recovered, and the Weatherlight was sailing home to Dominaria. Gerrard focused on the debts he'd settled . . . and on those he'd soon collect.
Tranquility: The plagues robbed Dominaria of all but its dreams. Eladamri hoped dreams were enough.
Transguild Courier: Reluctant to meet face to face, the leaders of the ten guilds prefer to do official business through a go-between immune to bribes and threats.
Transluminant: "Forget yourself. Forget your city. Forget your homes, your families, the debts and obligations that hold you to this world."
Transmutation: "You know what I was,/ You see what I am: change me, change me!" / —Randall
Transmutation: "You know what I was,/ You see what I am: change me, change me!" / —Randall Jarrell, The Woman at the Washington Zoo
Trap Essence: "Meat sustains the body. The spirit requires different sustenance." / —Arel the Whisperer
Trap Runner: "How could I catch her when the trees conspired to stop me?"
Trapfinder's Trick: "At some point, every trapfinder will lose a hunk of flesh. It's just a question of how much—and whether it'll grow back." / —Arhana, Kazandu trapfinder
Trapjaw Kelpie: Travelers in these waters leave a bit of themselves behind.
Trapmaker's Snare: "Trapmaking is an art. The trap is a corporeal riddle, a battle of wits between its creator and whatever it lures inside."
Trash for Treasure: Goblins generally have two possessions: one per hand.
Traumatize: "The educated mind is heavy with lore and knowledge. It's also the most likely to collapse under its own weight." / —Ambassador Laquatus
Traumatize: Dreads had half a mind to leave.
Traumatize: He was left with just enough memory to understand what he had lost.
Traumatize: You won't know what you're missing.
Travel Preparations: Visiting a shrine at the start of a journey makes the traveler more likely to finish it.
Traveler's Amulet: "What we call magic is nothing more than hope crystallized into a destination." / —Perisophia the philosopher
Traveler's Amulet: The rider set off into the eerie mist, swaddled in armor and laden with amulets.
Traveling Philosopher: The Champion and the philosopher Olexa returned from the opposing camp at dusk. Behind them, the enemy raised sail and departed, breaking the siege. When asked what the two had done, the Champion replied, "We spoke to them." / —The Theriad
Treacherous Link: "You cannot possibly know the toll your alliances will exact from you." / —Barrin, to Urza
Treachery: "The academy educates; I employ. It's a perfect arrangement." / —Gatha, Tolarian renegade
Treasonous Ogre: "Everything comes with a price. Especially revolution." / —Grenzo, dungeon warden
Treasure Cruise: Countless delights drift on the surface while dark schemes run below.
Treasure Hunt: "Some call me a thief. I prefer to think of myself as a discreet borrower." / —Dack Fayden, Planeswalker
Treasure Hunt: "The longer the journey, the more one learns." / —Isanke, Halimar seastalker
Treasure Hunter: "The treasures of the ancients belong in museums, not in the grubby hands of grave robbers."
Treasure Hunter: "What separates junk from treasure is imagination." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Treasure Trove: "Nope, there's nothing here either. You guys go on ahead, I'll catch up in a minute. . . . Whoo hoo"
Treasure Trove: "Wealth means power; the power to subdue, to crush, to exploit, the power to enslave, to outrage, to degrade." / —Emma Goldman, "Anarchism"
Treasure Trove: Karn and Hanna stood over the recovered Legacy artifacts like loving parents over sleeping children.
Treasured Find: Gorgons crave beautiful things: gems, exquisite amulets, the alabaster corpses of the petrified dead . . .
Tree Monkey: "They serve the world best on a platter with shallots and onions." / —Talas sailor
Tree Monkey: The vines and branches of the jungle canopy are all the wings it needs.
Tree of Redemption: The executioner's tree in Thraben Cathedral holds the power to absolve more than the souls of the hanged.
Tree of Tales: Tel-Jilad, sanctum of the ancient trolls, keepers of the secret of Mirrodin's origin.
Treefolk Healer: Protected by druids for untold centuries, the forest began to return the favor.
Treefolk Mystic: Urza's wards fell from him like autumn leaves as he entered the dreaming grove. He awoke imprisoned in living wood.
Treefolk Seedlings: Even the grandest forest begins with a single seedling. / —Llanowar saying
Treefolk Seedlings: The year that the brothers landed on Argoth, the trees produced five times as many seeds as normal.
Treespring Lorian: No matter your strength, the Krosan Forest is stronger. No matter your speed, the Wirewood Forest is faster.
Treetop Bracers: Gravity is truly what you make of it.
Treetop Rangers: "If you can't catch them, cut the trees down from beneath them. Force them to fight on our terms." / —Mishra
Treetop Scout: At home among the swaying, supple branches of the treetops, some scouts live their entire lives never touching ground.
Treetop Sentinel: Crian's patrols afford him plenty of opportunity to take potshots at the "dirtwalkers" far below.
Tremble: Otaria's frequent tremors are the last stages of Dominaria's recovery from the Phyrexian war.
Tremor: "Where do you run when the earth becomes your enemy?" / —Naimag, Femeref philosopher
Tremor: "Where do you run when the earth becomes your enemy?" / —Naimah, Femeref philosopher
Tremor: One little goblin shook up the ground. When the dust cleared, no one was found.
Tremor: Where do you run when the earth becomes your enemy?
Tremor: Without a word, Gerrard and Sisay ran deeper into the mountain. Neither of them intended to leave Mercadia without the Weatherlight and its crew.
Trench Wurm: "Their arrival marks the end of Yawgmoth's subtlety." / —Urza
Trenching Steed: The Keldons took several of the steeds as trophies of war. They'd never seen such a light beast stand so firm.
Trespasser il-Vec: At the epicenter of the Rathi overlay, the City of Traitors did not align with Dominaria. Many of its inhabitants were caught between the two worlds.
Trespassing Souleater: "We thank the souleaters for surveilling our lives that we may be preserved from our own ignorance." / —Drones' hymn of gratitude
Tresserhorn Sinks: "Our land oppressed by silent Cold, / We weary wretches, young and old, / Pray that Springtime loose his hold." / —The Dynasty of Winter Kings
Tresserhorn Skyknight: Kjeldorans who fled battle were exiled to the wastes. Those who strayed near Tresserhorn were pressed into service in Haakon's army.
Trestle Troll: Unwelcome in Golgari colonies, he found his own dark place from which to represent the Swarm.
Treva's Attendant: "Treva is the voice of the ur-dragon, demanding cries of worship."
Triangle of War: The Zhalfirin war triangle represents a trinity of might, faith, and guile.
Tribal Flames: "Fire is the universal language." / —Jhoira, master artificer
Tribal Unity: Kamahl left the violence of his former life behind him, but he still believes in the power of muscle.
Tribute to Hunger: Marella was delighted. The ball had attracted so many suitors for her daughter, including that handsome stranger. She wondered where the two were now . . . .
Tribute to the Wild: "You may enter, but leave those lifeless things of your world behind." / —Modruni, maro-sorcerer
Tricks of the Trade: "Pathetic. You might as well have protected your treasures with a paper box and some string."
Trickster Mage: "If it ain't broke, I'll break it. If it is broke, I'll fix it."
Trinisphere: Designed to restrain petty thoughts, but used to repress entire empires.
Trip Noose: A taut slipknot trigger is the only thing standing between you and standing.
Trip Wire: Trip wire, hooked poles, and sunken pits were commonly used to unhorse riders during the Three Kingdoms period.
Triskelion: "Why do bad things always come in threes?" / —Gisulf, expedition survivor
Triskelion: A brainchild of Tawnos, the Triskelion later proved both versatile and useful.
Triskelion: A brainchild of Tawnos, the Triskelion proved its versatility and usefulness in many of the later battles between the brothers.
Triton Cavalry: The tritons broke the surface, and the Nyxborn broke ranks.
Triton Fortune Hunter: "Thassa has blessed me with power and insight. I am careful not to disappoint her."
Triton Shorestalker: "Who will miss you, drywalker? A wife? A child? Perhaps they will blame the sea for your fate, and teach future generations to stay far away from it."
Triton Shorethief: At sunrise, the Champion and her companions awoke to find their supplies gone and Brygus, their sentry, dead. Carefully arranged piles of ornamental shells gave a clear warning: go no further. / —The Theriad
Triumph of Cruelty: "I've seen corpses prettier than you, beastmage." / —Liliana Vess
Triumph of Ferocity: "Rid me of this curse, witch, or die with me." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Trokin High Guard: Battle tempers soldiers as fire tempers steel.
Troll Ascetic: It's no coincidence that the oldest trolls are also the angriest.
Troll-Horn Cameo: "I found a troll-horn fragment in the wooded foothills of Hurloon, and it keeps growing larger. I wonder, is the horn recreating itself or the troll?" / —Isel, master carver
Trolls of Tel-Jilad: "The secret of this world weighs upon us, and we have been shaped by time and duty to bear it."
Tromp the Domains: Ground into the footprints of the ravaging herd were clumps of salt from Benalia, moss from Llanowar, dust from Hurloon, and ash from as far as Urborg.
Tropical Storm: "After the storm, I found a sea turtle dying on the sands, a blade of grass driven through its shell." / —Travelogue of Najat
Trostani's Judgment: "Some cannot be saved as they are, but all can serve the Worldsoul." / —Trostani
Troubled Healer: "Which is worse: nothing to defend, or no one to defend it?"
Troublesome Spirit: As erratic and turbulent as a summer squall.
Truce: "The people of Aysen feed us, and we don't kill them. That's my kind of truce." / —Eron the Relentless
Truce: Not all victories require defeat. / —Onean idiom
True Believer: So great is his certainty that mere facts cannot shake it.
True Conviction: Dozens of spells known only to the Auriok elders were lost, but the next generation, galvanized by war, devised even more potent magic.
Trumpet Blast: "Do you hear that, Sarkhan? The glory of the horde! I made a legend from what you abandoned." / —Zurgo, khan of the Mardu
Trumpet Blast: Keldon warriors don't need signals to tell them when to attack, but when to stop.
Trumpet Blast: Keldon warriors don't need signals to tell them when to attack. They need signals to tell them when to stop.
Trumpeting Armodon: These are its last days. But it will not go quietly.
Trusted Advisor: Some of Minamo's students claimed he was as old as the knowledge he dispensed.
Trusty Machete: "Until this expedition is done, that blade is your guardian, your liberator, and your best friend all rolled into one." / —Yon Basrel, Oran-Rief survivalist
Trygon Predator: Held aloft by metabolized magic, trygons are ravenous for sources of mystic fuel.
Tsabo Tavoc: "I might almost pity my enemies—if it wasn't so amusing to watch them die."
Tukatongue Thallid: Jund's thallids tried to disguise their deliciousness by covering themselves in spines harvested from the tukatongue tree.
Tuknir Deathlock: An explorer of the Æther, Tuknir often discovers himself in the most unusual physical realms.
Tuktuk Grunts: Goblins are more aggressive with a crowd to cheer them on.
Tuktuk the Explorer: Remade by Eldrazi magic, Tuktuk inspired an entire clan of misguided goblins.
Tumble Magnet: Magnetic devices that keep massive golems and structures standing can also be used for the opposite purpose.
Tundra Kavu: A cross between a jaguar and an armadillo.
Tundra Wolves: "I heard their eerie howling, the wolves calling their kindred across the frozen plains." / —Onean scout
Tundra Wolves: I heard their eerie howling, the wolves calling their kindred across the frozen plains.
Tunnel Ignus: Fight mischief with mischief.
Tunneler Wurm: If an anurid's lucky, it'll find a warm tunnel for bedtime. If a wurm's lucky, it'll find a warm anurid for breakfast.
Turbulent Dreams: Laquatus dreams of seizing control.
Turf Wound: "I can't imagine how anyone lives in Shiv, let alone why they choose to stay." / —Sisay
Turn Aside: "It's not my job to ask our leaders about their experiments at the Knowledge Pool. It's my job to make sure they can continue performing them."
Turn the Tables: "Your arrogance is my best weapon."
Turn the Tide: "Let their mindless armies come and face the might of genius." / —Varil, Neurok partisan
Turn to Dust: Mirrodin's inhabitants must be prepared for anything—including suddenly being unprepared.
Turn to Frog: "Ribbit."
Turn to Mist: "Did you expect me to dodge? How quaint." / —Olka, mistmeadow witch
Turn to Slag: "If it wasn't a blackened, stinking, melted abomination before, it certainly is now." / —Koth of the Hammer
Turnabout: The best cure for a big ego is a little failure.
Turntimber Ranger: The lone wolf dies alone.
Turtleshell Changeling: A changeling involuntarily mimics the nearest being at hand, sometimes trading a borrowed shell for borrowed claws.
Tusked Colossodon: A band of Temur hunters, fleeing the Mardu, dug a hideout beneath such a creature as it slept. The horde found them and attacked. For three days the Temur held them at bay, and all the while the great beast slumbered.
Tuskguard Captain: One quiet word sets off the stampede.
Twigwalker: "Break one in half and you'll get a decent—if gooey—pair of weapons." / —Centaur warrior
Twilight Mire: As their roots soaked in a weak tea of bogwater and decay, the trees absorbed the essence of death into their living tissue.
Twilight's Call: Twilight falls. We rise. / —Necropolis inscription
Twinblade Slasher: Righteous anger hones a humble soul.
Twincast: Imitation is the most dangerous form of flattery.
Twincast: Sometimes you have to search for inspiration, and sometimes it's right there in front of you.
Twinning Glass: It takes two to craft a mirror: a practiced metalsmith to silver one side and her own hazy reflection to polish the other.
Twinstrike: They're dying left and right.
Twisted Experiment: Gatha showed remarkable prowess in increasing his subjects' stature. Their lifespans, however, were another matter.
Twisted Image: "True strength is in the mind, for the body is too malleable a form." / —Politus, vedalken emisar
Twisted Justice: In Otiev's mind, he ruled in favor of the accused. But in his courtroom he was only a spectator, watching his hand deliver the sign of death.
Twitch: "The flow is diverted. Your path is clear. What are you waiting for—the cave to bid you welcome?" / —Maizah Shere, Tazeem lullmage
Twitch: Battles are won in nuance.
Two-Headed Cerberus: The left head keeps the right head starved as motivation to track new prey.
Two-Headed Giant of Foriys Avatar: Awarded in celebration of the first birthday of Magic Online
Two-Headed Giant of Foriys: None know if this Giant is the result of aberrant magics, Siamese twins, or a mentalist's schizophrenia.
Two-Headed Sliver: "That which would be a fatal mutation in any other species is merely a source of new powers. I am intrigued, yet too fearful to examine it more closely." / —Rukarumel, field journal
Tymaret, the Murder King: His memories remained in the Underworld, but his cruelty crossed the Rivers with him.
Typhoid Rats: Kidnappers caught in Havengul are given two choices: languish in prison or become rat catchers. The smart ones go to prison.
Typhoon: Fierce winds ripped across the tropical landscape. What they did not destroy with their fiery breath was washed away by torrential rain.
Tyrannize: "I can stab you where it hurts, or where you will feel absolutely nothing." / —Illulia of Nighthearth
Tyrant's Familiar: Nothing escapes its gaze—or its breath.
Tyrant's Machine: "Though tempered differently, all wills can be broken." / —Inquisitor Kyrik
Tyrranax: It outnumbers you one to many.
Ubul Sar Gatekeepers: There are many gates into the undercity, but few ways out.
Ugin's Nexus: All at once Sarkhan's mind fell silent.
Uktabi Efreet: "The Uktabi efreet and I have something in common: both of our mothers wanted to give us back." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Uktabi Faerie: Victim of the two-toed faerie / —Suq'Ata expression meaning "broken"
Uktabi Kong: "I desire the acquisition of a potassium-rich fruit comestible of substantial magnitude."
Uktabi Orangutan: "Is it true that the apes wear furs of gold when they marry?" / —Rana, Suq'Ata market fool
Ulamog's Crusher: "Whatever the Eldrazi's purpose is, it has nothing to do with something so insignificant as us." / —Nirthu, lone missionary
Ulcerate: "If it were merely lethal, that would be sufficient. The art, however, is in maximizing the suffering it causes." / —Liliana Vess
Ultimate Price: "Let him be an example to others who would default on their debts to us." / —"The Cozen," Orzhov assassin
Ulvenwald Bear: Out chasing bears / —Kessig expression meaning "died in the woods"
Ulvenwald Mystics: "With this ritual, we cast aside our fragile humanity . . ."
Ulvenwald Primordials: ". . . and embrace the ancient ferocity of the undying Wild."
Ulvenwald Tracker: "Peace will come to Innistrad, but only after all abominations have been dealt with, one by one."
Umara Raptor: Messenger, weapon, friend.
Umbilicus: It was the explorers' only tether to reality.
Umbra Mystic: "I have found the courage to face death—twice, if I must."
Umbra Stalker: Don't venture into the darkness, lest it decide not to let you leave.
Umbral Mantle: It harnesses the power of night in a land where daylight fears to show itself.
Unbender Tine: Creations made in madness may contain great power. The path to that power is as labyrinthine as the creator's mind.
Unburden: Cabal initiates enter training full of hopes and fears. They graduate with neither.
Unburial Rites: All crave the Blessed Sleep. Few receive it.
Uncanny Speed: "To survive, we must embrace the savagery we knew in our race's infancy." / —Edgar Markov
Unchecked Growth: "That energy was once granted to growing things. Now the kami keep it for themselves, releasing it in sudden floods that overwhelm flesh and foliage alike." / —Sakiko, Mother of Summer
Uncle Istvan: Solitude drove the old hermit insane. Now he only keeps company with those he can catch.
Uncontrollable Anger: A barbarian's heart pounds with the fury of a prisoner, threatening at any moment to break the bars of its cage.
Uncontrollable Anger: To an akki warrior, gravity is the direction of the nearest unsmashed face.
Uncontrolled Infestation: The grounds of the Riptide Project are now populated only by slivers, broken beakers, and the lonely screeching of gulls.
Uncovered Clues: The Implicit Maze winds through Ravnica, connecting arcane landmarks of all ten guilds.
Undead Executioner: Heartless killer in life, brainless killer in death.
Undead Minotaur: "The work that went into creating this magnificent specimen. Horrific, deadly, well-balanced. Not all necromancers do elegant work like this." / —Lestin, necromancer
Undead Slayer: "My motive is not vengeance but mercy. I deliver the soulless back to their severed souls."
Undead Warchief: It has the strength of seven men. In fact, it used to be seven men.
Undercity Informer: "Scandal and slander are never welcome news. That's why I'm never the messenger."
Undercity Shade: "Officially, there's nothing under that bridge to hunt . . . Unofficially, my torchers are too terrified to go there after nightfall." / —Agrus Kos
Undergrowth Scavenger: It sees a rotting carcass as a good wine which has been aged properly.
Undergrowth: "It is the work of sorcery. Burn it"Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Undergrowth: "The art of war is turning obstacle to advantage."Jaeuhl Carthalion, Juniper Order Advocate
Undermine: "Which would you like first, the insult or the injury?"
Undertaker: The weight of death is heavy but not immovable.
Underworld Coinsmith: Coins of the Underworld are shaped from clay funerary masks.
Underworld Connections: If you're looking for it, it's available. The question is how much you're willing to pay.
Underworld Dreams: "In the drowsy dark cave of the mind dreams build their nest with fragments dropped from day's caravan." —Rabindranath Tagore
Underworld Dreams: "In the drowsy dark cave of the mind, dreams build their nest with fragments dropped from day's caravan." / —Rabindranath Tagore
Undiscovered Paradise: Jolrael's choice of homes was far better than her choice of allies.
Undo: "Oft have I wished to undo past deeds, but never did I imagine they would be undone for me." / —Naimah, Femeref philosopher
Undying Evil: "Is it true the evil that people do follows them into death? Let's find out." / —Liliana Vess
Undying Rage: Radha was born in Skyshroud, but her temper is undeniably Keldon.
Unearthly Blizzard: "We are trapped. The mountains and blinding kami storms have made us hopelessly lost. We are starving. In the name of all things sacred, please, send help . . . ." / —Lost Battalion, final message to General Takeno
Unexpectedly Absent: Once you've been dragged down the currents of time, you'll never quite trust your own permanence again.
Unflinching Courage: As Trostani's influence grew, vitality spread through the Conclave—much to the other guilds' dismay.
Unforge: Compared to the fire of the forge, the strength of steel is nothing.
Unfulfilled Desires: "Like Day from Night, / I'll live my life apart from you, just glimpsing you across the sky, / because you cannot change, my dear, and nor can I." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Unhallowed Cathar: "Just fight without fear. Your soul is protected by the hand of Avacyn and will never submit to evil." / —Thalia, to Constable Visil
Unhallowed Pact: Agreements with demons seldom end at the grave.
Unhinge: "Don't let your mind wander—it might not come back." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Unholy Fiend: The fiend tormented them by recounting the girl's memories, as if some part of her remained inside that twisted shell.
Unholy Strength: "Born under the moon, the second child will stumble on temptation and seek power in the dark places of the heart." / —Codex of the Constellari
Unholy Strength: "I don't feel any different."
Unholy Strength: Such power grows the body as it shrinks the soul.
Unified Strike: The tall, reedy grass of the Daru Plains rustles loudly in the winds, a perfect cover for any ambush.
Unified Will: "We're glad to be of service—to be an audience to your failure." / —Maizah Shere, Tazeem lullmage
Unifying Theory: Scribbles of a lunatic and formulas of a genius are often indistinguishable.
Unknown Shores: Philosophers speak of a place where myths wash like tides upon the shores of the real.
Unlikely Alliance: "Strange alliances are alliances still, and provide the same protection." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Unliving Psychopath: "The victim bears the marks of the ‘Ktozok Impaler'. . . but he was executed years ago!" / —Gorev Hadszak, Wojek investigator
Unmake the Graves: "I'm raising an army. Any volunteers?"
Unmake: A gwyllion's favorite trap is the vanity mirror. A bewitched piece of glass traps the looker's soul and does away with the body.
Unnatural Predation: "Domination by the strongest—that is all that matters in the Tangle now." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Unnatural Selection: What nature makes, magic can modify.
Unnatural Speed: "How can we hope to match the speed of lightning? The fury of storms? The power of mountains? The answer is simple. We cannot. I advise against this war." / —Sensei Hisoka, letter to Lord Konda
Unnerve: "If fear is the only tool you have left, then you'll never control me." / —Xantcha, to Gix
Unnerving Assault: The scales of battle rarely balance.
Unquestioned Authority: "Only the Ancestor should be revered." / —Mystic heretic
Unquestioned Authority: After Gideon cleansed the Ninth District, none of the ganglords challenged the Boros.
Unravel the Æther: Thaumaturges of Theros have learned to weave their magic into the world around them, but it can be pulled apart strand by strand.
Unruly Mob: "Who says werewolves are the only ones who can hunt as a pack?" / —Kolman, elder of Gatstaf
Unseen Walker: "To pass through the jungle: silence, courtesy, ferocity, as the occasion demands." / —Kamau, "Proper Passage"
Unspeakable Symbol: The symbols are spread throughout Aphetto, marking sites where minions of the Raven Guild and the Cabal can seek refuge.
Unstable Footing: A long way down is shorter than you think.
Unstable Frontier: The goblins went to sleep in Jund and awoke in Grixis. They'd never seen a zombie before. They would never see one again.
Unstable Obelisk: Its collapse is like the lashing out of a long-dead civilization that resents being forgotten.
Unstable Shapeshifter: "In a world of untruths, the living lie rules." / —Oracle en-Vec
Unsummon: "It's nothing personal. I'd just prefer if you weren't." / —Ashurel, voidmage
Unsummon: "Send it back to its own strange world so we can avoid another inglorious combat with these wicked beings." / —Captain Valek of Jhess
Unsummon: "You're trespassing in my reality. Ask permission next time." / —Simun the Quiet
Unsummon: Mages routinely summon creatures from the Æther. It's only fair that they occasionally throw one back.
Unsummon: Not to be. That is the answer.
Unsummon: Tolarian apprentices learn to liberate Ætheric energy long before they are taught to bind it.
Untaidake, the Cloud Keeper: Untaidake is the needle that weaves the fabric of creation.
Untamed Might: "Beasts kill for their very survival. If you would have their strength, you must know their desperation." / —Konnos, Sylvok sage
Untamed Wilds: No forest is so remote that the elves don't know its secrets.
Unwilling Recruit: Frorn didn't want to be kept, but he didn't want to be thrown back either.
Unwinding Clock: "The partisans have unearthed a strange artifact. None know its origin, but it gives them hope of a life beyond." / —Elspeth's journal
Unworthy Dead: "Great Yawgmoth moves across the seas of shard and bone and rust. We exalt him in life, in death, and in between." / —Phyrexian Scriptures
Unyaro Bee Sting: "Much can be learned from the bees about dying for a cause." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Unyaro Bees: With no jungle left to contain it, the "plague of daggers" spread across Dominaria.
Unyaro Griffin: The griffin's shadow gives courage to the righteous and dread to the idle.
Unyielding Krumar: "The man whom I call father killed the orc who sired me, offering his world and his blade in return."
Updraft: "Come one, come all! this rock shall fly From its firm base as soon as I." / —Sir Walter Scott, "The Lady of the Lake"
Updraft: "The power of flight has but one equal in battle: surprise. Understanding how to use both is the key to victory." / —Arnjlot Olasson, Sky Mage
Upheaval: The calm comes after the storm.
Uphill Battle: Cho-Manno knew he had no choice but to ally with Gerrard. If that's what it took to free his people, he'd pay the price.
Uproot: "We arrived at the battlefield too late. Again. Another error on your part, and you will have to answer to me personally." / —General Takeno, letter to the imperial mapmaker
Upwelling: Freyalise promised a dawn that would never end, a day of limitless life. As many dread her promise as revere it.
Upwelling: Once again, Kamahl felt the full force of the Mirari's pull, but he had learned much since the last time.
Ur-Golem's Eye: It still stares accusingly at Memnarch, though millennia have passed since he separated the eye from its body.
Ur-Golem's Eye: Ur-golems once dominated the plane. Even now, they maintain a deep connection to it.
Urabrask the Hidden: When the Mirran resistance arrived, the furnace dwellers looked to Urabrask for guidance. His decree stunned the others: "Let them be."
Urban Burgeoning: The ruins of Old Prahv became a wildspace, although all birdsong was silenced by lingering Azorius magic.
Urban Evolution: As the Simic released more of their krasis experiments, they required new habitats, always at the expense of the locals.
Urbis Protector: "I hear that Boros is losing its angels to the Gateless Movement. I'm sure this comes as no surprise to you." / —Teysa, to Lazav
Urborg Drake: Relentless as the sea, remorseless as death.
Urborg Elf: The elves of Urborg are as deadly and capricious as the swamp itself.
Urborg Justice: "It is a narrow line between justice and vengeance." / —Crovax
Urborg Mindsucker: "My pet will pick the ripe fruit from your tortured brain as if it were hanging from a vine." / —Kaervek
Urborg Phantom: A chilling fog with teeth of ice.
Urborg Shambler: A writhing mass of rot, with sharp claws and a vicious spirit.
Urborg Stalker: "May you be a stalker's dream." / —Urborg curse
Urborg Syphon-Mage: "I have become a gourmet of sorts. Each soul has its own distinctive flavor. The art is in inviting the right company to the feast."
Urborg Uprising: In Urborg, few things are less permanent than death.
Urborg Volcano: Deep in the heart of Urborg lie massive volcanoes whose thick black smoke covers the land with perpetual darkness.
Urborg, Tomb of Yawgmoth: "Yawgmoth's corpse is a wound in the universe. His foul blood seeps out, infecting the land with his final curse." / —Lord Windgrace
Urborg: "Resignedly beneath the sky/The melancholy waters lie./So blend the turrets and shadows there/That all seem pendulous in air,/While from a proud tower in town/Death looks gigantically down." / —Edgar Allan Poe, "The City in the Sea"
Urborg: "Resignedly beneath the sky/The melancholy waters lie./So blend the turrets and shadows there/That all seem pendulous in air,/While from a proud tower in town/Death looks gigantically down." —Edgar Allan Poe, "The City in the Sea"
Urgent Exorcism: "To show geists pity is to prolong their agonies. Whether they know it or not, they seek the Blessed Sleep, and we are to give it to them." / —Mikaeus, the Lunarch
Uril, the Miststalker: It strides through the whitecover, mists in which even gargantuans can hide.
Ursapine: A friendly ursapine means a constant supply of sharp spears. An unfriendly one means a constant supply of small holes.
Urza's Armor: "Tawnos's blueprints were critical to the creation of my armor. As he once sealed himself in steel, I sealed myself in a walking crypt." / —Urza
Urza's Armor: Urza protected his body well, but neglected his soul.
Urza's Avenger: Unable to settle on just one design, Urza decided to create one versatile being.
Urza's Blueprints: From concept to paper to reality.
Urza's Chalice: When sorely wounded or tired, Urza would often retreat to the workshops of his apprentices. They were greatly amazed at how much better he looked each time he took a sip of water.
Urza's Engine: "Humans and machines working together can be fearsome indeed!" —Arcum Dagsson
Urza's Factory: "Though their ideals are leagues apart, Urza's and Mishra's creations have a surprising harmony with one another." / —Tocasia, journal entry
Urza's Filter: "It's a tool for aiding my other tools," explained Urza. "Now they'll work in harmony."
Urza's Guilt: Deep in Yawgmoth's realm, Urza stopped dead in his tracks and rubbed his soot-filled eyes. "Mishra?"
Urza's Hot Tub: www.wizards.com/hottub
Urza's Incubator: "Stop thinking like an artificer, Urza, and start thinking like a father!" / —Rayne, Academy Chancellor
Urza's Mine: Mines became common as cities during the days of the artificers.
Urza's Power Plant: Artifact construction required immense resources.
Urza's Power Plant: Artifact construction requires immense resources.
Urza's Tower: Urza always put Tocasia's lessons on resource-gathering to effective use.
Urza: An artificer of unparalleled renown, Urza was a powerful cipher even before he was able to planeswalk. Seeing the world as a large, integrated machine is his greatest strength and weakness, enabling him to solve almost any problem but blinding him to his solutions' effects on others.
Uthden Troll: "Oi oi oi, me gotta hurt in 'ere, / Oi oi oi, me smell a ting is near, / Gonna bosh 'n gonna nosh 'n da / hurt'll disappear." / —Traditional
Uthden Troll: "Oi oi oi, me gotta hurt in 'ere, / Oi oi oi, me smell a ting is near, / Gonna bosh 'n gonna nosh 'n da hurt'll disappear." / —Troll chant
Uthden Troll: "Oi oi oi, me gotta hurt in 'ere, / Oi oi oi, me smell a ting is near, / Gonna bosh 'n gonna nosh / 'n da hurt'll disappear." / —Troll chant
Utopia Tree: The fruit of this fabled tree takes on the flavor of whatever food you love most.
Utopia Vow: "I'll guard this fruit and its seedling until the land is healed. My life now belongs to Dominaria."
Utter End: "I came seeking a challenge. All I found was you." / —Zurgo, khan of the Mardu
Utvara Hellkite: The fear of dragons is as old and as powerful as the fear of death itself.
Utvara Scalper: He wages war wherever the wind carries him.
Vagrant Plowbeasts: Plowbeasts of Naya escaped their harnesses in droves, content to snack on the conveniently cultivated fields of Eos and Valeron.
Valakut Fireboar: "Just move very slowly, and for the love of Ula, do not get it mad." / —Chadir the Navigator
Valeron Outlander: After years of honing her philosophy in debate with stubborn rhoxes, Niella was ready to convert any heathen.
Valiant Guard: As the outsiders invaded Bant, soldiers who once saw sigils as the highest marks of glory began to see the scars of battle as tokens of equal worth.
Valley Dasher: Mardu riders' greatest fear is that a battle might end before their weapons draw blood.
Valleymaker: Their home uprooted by a giant, the gang of boggarts mourned their old stomping ground.
Valor Made Real: "As my father taught, ‘Training will raise your shield to the blow, but courage fills the gaps the shield leaves open.'"
Valor: "The cracks widened, the shell crumbled, and Valor spread throughout the land." / —Scroll of Beginnings
Valorous Charge: Stand in the way of truth at your peril.
Vampire Aristocrat: "I admit, I am a creature of the city. The sights, the nightly excitement, the abundance of fine drink . . ."
Vampire Bats: "For something is amiss or out of place / When mice with wings can wear a human face." / —Theodore Roethke, "The Bat"
Vampire Bats: "For something is amiss or out of place / When mice with wings can wear a human face." / —Theodore Roethke, "The Bat"
Vampire Bats: "For something is amiss or out of place/ When mice with wings can wear a human face." —Theodore Roethke, "The Bat"
Vampire Hexmage: When the blood hunt lost its thrill, she looked for less tangible means of domination.
Vampire Hounds: The hounds' barks are a horrifying chorus of screams, moans, and whispers.
Vampire Interloper: He listens to every heartbeat, deciding which one of hundreds he will stop.
Vampire Lacerator: The lacerators cut themselves before each hunt. They must feed before the sun rises or bleed to death.
Vampire Nocturnus Avatar: M10 Winner Avatar
Vampire Nocturnus: "Your life will set with the sun."
Vampire Warlord: "How can you serve me? By dying."
Vampiric Feast: It's not always gold the thief is after.
Vampiric Fury: Many peasants secretly admire vampires' glamour and elegance—until they witness a moment of pure bloodlust.
Vampiric Link: The familiar's fangs deliver the master's bite.
Vampiric Sliver: They draw upon the strength of their hive and of their victims.
Vampiric Touch: A touch, not comforting, but of death.
Vampiric Tutor: "I write upon clean white parchment with a sharp quill and the blood of my students, divining their secrets." / —Shauku, Endbringer
Vandalblast: Beauty is in the eye of the exploder.
Vanguard of Brimaz: "The humans and their gods never blessed me. Only the pride deserves my allegiance."
Vanguard's Shield: Wars are not fought on a single front.
Vanish into Memory: Out of sight, into mind.
Vanishing: "Careless, like a child with fire, so was I with time." / —Teferi
Vanquish: "All beings have an inner light. Let me show you yours." / —Ushanti, leonin seer
Vapor Snag: "This creature is inadequate. Send it to the splicers for innovation." / —Malcator, Executor of Synthesis
Vaporkin: "Mists are carefree. They drift where they will, unencumbered by rocks and river beds." / —Thrasios, triton hero
Vaporous Djinn: "What is taking them so long to fill the waterskins?" / —Mwani, Mtenda goatherd
Varchild's Crusader: "Every patch of land must belong to Kjeldor, no matter what the cost!" / —General Varchild
Varchild's Crusader: "Every patch of land must belong to Kjeldor, no matter what the cost" / —General Varchild
Varchild's Crusader: "We could have peace, but Varchild would rather have the maps of the new Kjeldor drawn in Balduvian blood."King Darien of Kjeldor
Varchild's War-Riders: "What tries to crush our spirit only strengthens our resolve." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Varchild's War-Riders: "What tries to crush our spirit only strengthens our resolve." —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian Chieftain
Vassal Soul: For the Azorius, the opportunity to serve the law is too great an honor for death to interrupt.
Vassal's Duty: "My life is yours, my lord. There is no greater service than to yield it for your safety."
Vastwood Animist: He calls on the forests for counsel and summons the earth to his cause.
Vastwood Gorger: "A long and difficult incision revealed that all vital organs are housed in the head, save for a long chain of stomachs, forty in all, leading from its throat to the end of the tail." / —Mulak Ffar, Vastwood Biodiversity
Vastwood Gorger: "I've known true ferocity and power. Those brazen ‘planar-walkers' have no idea what wild really means." / —Chadir the Navigator
Vastwood Gorger: The gorger's insect-like eyes pick up the slightest movement in any direction. Its body then whips toward its prey with startling speed, swallowing it in one engulfing gulp.
Vault Skirge: From the remnants of the dead, Geth forged a swarm to safeguard his throne.
Vault Skyward: "The edges of the Quicksilver Sea run dark with the spread of the Mephidross. Two more aerial passes before I can be sure what I'm seeing . . ." / —Lafarius, Neurok sky agent
Vault of Whispers: Ish Sah, den of the warlord Geth, commander of countless nim.
Vault of the Archangel: "For centuries my creation kept this world in balance. Now only her shadow remains." / —Sorin Markov
Vectis Agents: With their life energy suppressed under their etherium enhancements, thieves from Esper found it surprisingly easy to explore the ruins of Grixis.
Vectis Dominator: "I appreciate the artistry of the telemins, but the creatures of the other worlds provide a much more dramatic performance." / —Ennor, mentalist
Vectis Silencers: Even on Esper, there are those who eschew the use of magic in favor of simpler methods.
Vector Asp: Phyrexia's machines take inspiration from nature. Twisted, disturbing inspiration.
Vedalken Anatomist: "Specimen 211 examination report. Observation: graft sublimation incomplete. Result: death. Prepare specimen 212."
Vedalken Archmage: "The Knowledge Pool knows. Memnarch understands." / —Janus, speaker of the synod
Vedalken Certarch: "An appropriately detailed model is indistinguishable from reality, and much easier to control."
Vedalken Dismisser: "I crept up on him, quiet as a guttermouse. And then suddenly I found myself facedown in a latrine pit behind Tin Street Market." / —Sirislav, Dimir spy
Vedalken Engineer: Art is unknown to the vedalken—for them, all creations must serve a purpose.
Vedalken Entrancer: "Don't get any ideas."
Vedalken Entrancer: Their denial reaches far into your future.
Vedalken Ghoul: For four nights following Ennor's death and the reclaiming of his etherium, its recipients were found slain, the etherium ripped from their bodies.
Vedalken Heretic: "Etherium clouded my eyes, clogged my ears, desensitized my skin. Now that I can feel, I can begin to learn."
Vedalken Infuser: "All plans begin as dreams. I intend to awaken them."
Vedalken Mastermind: The vedalken see other beings from a cold distance, as either experimental subjects or objects of study.
Vedalken Orrery: The model incorporated the fifth sun effortlessly, as if it had always known.
Vedalken Outlander: The Seekers of Carmot searched across the unknown lands for the mystical red stone that could reforge Esper in ethereal perfection.
Vedalken Plotter: "Fair? At what point in our negotiations did you convince yourself my goal was to be fair?"
Veil of Birds: When wind marries sky, even the bride's veil sings her praises.
Veilborn Ghoul: Liliana's voice carries far, reaching beyond the cold pall of death.
Veiled Crocodile: Some roads are paved with bad intentions.
Veilstone Amulet: Sometimes it's ostentatious to go unseen.
Vela the Night-Clad: Vela snuffs out every trace of Krond's reign, leaving pure nightfall in her wake.
Veldrane of Sengir: "Poor, foolish Veldrane. He goes wherever the Baron wills him. One day, he'll go to die." / —Halina, Dwarven Trader
Venarian Glimmer: Dream of nothing, and wake to a dream come true.
Vendetta: "Consider my debt to your kin paid in full." / —Idrol, Guul Draz assassin
Vendetta: Starke knew the voice was Takara's, but the venom was Volrath's.
Venerable Lammasu: Lammasu are the enigmatic travelers of Tarkir, soaring high above all lands in all seasons. None know their true purpose, but they often arrive on the eve of great conflicts or turning points in history.
Venerable Monk: "I rely not so much on the wisdom of age as on the overconfidence of youth."
Venerable Monk: Age wears the flesh but galvanizes the soul.
Venerable Monk: His presence brings not only a strong arm but also renewed hope.
Venerated Teacher: "The unfathomable is upon us, students. I have no doubt you will rise to the occasion."
Vengeance: "It is the duty of the strong to oppose any who threaten the weak." / —The Southern Paladin
Vengeance: "Until I've gnawed their flesh and exterminated their clans, my humiliation will not be effaced." / —Liu Bei, on the death of / his oath-brother Guan Yu
Vengeance: A bullet renders all sizes equal.
Vengeance: Bitter as wormwood, sweet as mulled wine.
Vengeful Dead: Those who don't learn from their deaths are destined to repeat them.
Vengeful Dreams: Teroh dreams of his enemies' doom.
Vengeful Firebrand: The flame of a warrior is never extinguished.
Vengeful Vampire: He wields the full power of wrath unfettered by the sympathies of a soul.
Vengevine: Leave but a shred of root and it will return, bursting with vigor.
Venom Sliver: "We attacked with arrows dipped in poison. The slivers that did not die began to change." / —Hastric, Thunian scout
Venom: "I told him it was just a flesh wound, a wee scratch, but the next time I looked at him, poor Tadhg was dead and gone." —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Venom: "I told him it was just a flesh wound, but the next time I looked at him, poor Tadhg was dead and gone." / —Maeveen O'Donagh, / Memoirs of a Soldier
Venom: "I told him it was just a flesh wound, but the next time I looked at him, poor Tadhg was dead and gone." / —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Venomous Breath: The dryads need neither size nor strength to defeat their enemies in battle.
Venomous Dragonfly: A pretty little death is still death.
Venomous Fangs: All the pain of the shattered forest contained in a single drop.
Venomous Vines: "True strength comes from within. The false promise of unnatural power only incurs Krosa's wrath." / —Seton, centaur druid
Venser's Diffusion: "Each reality is but the dream of another, and each sleeper a god unknowing."
Venser's Journal: A Planeswalker's chronicle spans worlds and civilizations, each page a lifetime.
Venser's Sliver: Venser admired his handiwork and smiled. His first prototype had joined with the hive mind all too well, running with the brood and becoming a predator itself. This one, he thought, would be accepted into the hive but still obey his commands.
Venser, Shaper Savant: His marvels of artifice pale in comparison to the developing machinery of his mind.
Vent Sentinel: "Zendikar fortifies itself against the Great Threat, making sentries of sky, sea, and stone." / —The War Diaries
Verdant Field: Jolrael tends the land so that the land will tend the beasts.
Verdant Force: Burl, scurf, and bower / Birth fern and flower.
Verdant Force: Left to itself, nature overflows any container, overthrows any restriction, and overreaches any boundary.
Verdigris: "Only the most sophisticated inventions can survive nature's unsophisticated motivations." / —Hanna, Weatherlight navigator
Verduran Enchantress: "Graceful? Yes. Beautiful? Absolutely. Harmless? Definitely not." / —Fyndhorn elder
Verduran Enchantress: "Weave the magic so that it sings to you, and will always fly home . . . ." / —Verduran teaching
Verduran Enchantress: Each spell has its own song, and the enchantress knows the dance for each.
Verduran Enchantress: Some say magic was first practiced by women, who have always felt strong ties to the land.
Vermiculos: Mirrodin's artificial environment requires its own predators, scavengers, and senseless forces of nature.
Vernal Bloom: Many cultures have legends of a lush, hidden paradise. The elves of Argoth had no need of such stories.
Vernal Bloom: Spring breathes the magic of new life.
Vernal Bloom: The sun breaks, the beasts stir, and the forest awakens to stand against its enemies.
Vertigo: "I saw the wizard gesturing, but I didn't guess his plan until my Aesthir cried out and went into a dive." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skyknight
Vertigo: "I saw the wizard gesturing, but I didn't guess his plan until my aesthir cried out and went into a dive." / —Arna Kennerüd, skyknight
Vesper Ghoul: "Nature's exceptions remind us not to think in absolutes. Just as the orchid blossoms on blackened stone, so does the gift of mana occasionally manifest in the undead." / —Bougrat, druid of the Cult of Yore
Vesuva: It is everywhere you've ever been.
Veteran Armorer: "Give me a sword and I'll kill a few enemies. But give me a hammer and a fiery forge, and I'll turn the tide of battle."
Veteran Armorsmith: "Courage is a proud and gleaming shield. It does not bend or hide from sight. To fight with courage, we must forge in steel."
Veteran Bodyguard: Good bodyguards are hard to find, mainly because they don't live long.
Veteran Brawlers: Death awaits them on both fronts.
Veteran Cavalier: Spirit is the sword and experience the sharpening stone. / —Arabian proverb
Veteran Swordsmith: "Truth is a straight, keen edge. There are no soft angles or rounded edges. To fight for truth, we must forge in steel."
Veteran of the Depths: In the backwaters of the Merrow Lanes lie stones scarred with tallies of countless generations, each representing a victory of merrow soldiers.
Veteran's Reflexes: "Assume everything wants to kill you. At the very least, assume everything wants what's in your pack."
Veteran's Voice: "Good soldiers rely first upon their training, then upon their instincts."King Darien of Kjeldor
Veteran's Voice: "Teach by example. If your students do not survive, they were not worth the lesson." / —General Varchild
Vex: "The druids would be better off if they spent more time in the lab and less time watching trees grow." / —Pontifex, elder researcher
Vexing Beetle: As the Mirari's mutating effects grew out of control, centaurs and druids fled—but insects swarmed closer.
Vexing Devil: It's not any fun until someone loses an eye.
Vexing Shusher: The stench of bloodcap mushrooms on the breath is enough to ward off even the most potent magics, especially when combined with a special chant: "Hushhh."
Vhati il-Dal: "Sir, I just thought . . . ," explained Vhati. / "Don't think," interrupted Greven. "It doesn't suit you."
Vial of Poison: There are worse ways to die, but not many.
Viashino Bey: When the bey runs, match his stride. / —Viashino saying
Viashino Bladescout: "Find your courage in a desperate moment, and you turn the tide of history. So sayeth the bey."
Viashino Cutthroat: "You guys go on ahead. I'll catch up with ya." / —Vark, goblin scout, last words
Viashino Fangtail: "When the bony terminus gets too large, it's shed from the tail in coinciding periods of heightened aggression and hunger." / —Simic research notes
Viashino Firstblade: "All that steel doesn't make them slower. It makes them bolder." / —Tajic, Blade of the Legion
Viashino Grappler: "They've returned for the mana rig, but it no longer belongs to them." / —Viashino bey
Viashino Heretic: "The past is buried for good reason."
Viashino Outrider: "Give thy ration to thy mount, if the road be long. So sayeth the bey."
Viashino Racketeer: "You may call me a fool, selling this stuff on Orzhov turf. Well, you need to be a little reckless to survive."
Viashino Runner: "It moved this way, an' that way, an' then before I could stick it, it jumped over my head an' was gone." / —Jula, goblin raider
Viashino Sandscout: A viashino's overlapping scales form a buffer against Shiv's ash-flecked winds and a slippery target for goblin pikes.
Viashino Sandstalker: "Some believe Sandstalkers to be illusions; those with scars know better." / —Zhalfirin Guide to the Desert
Viashino Sandstalker: "Some believe sandstalkers to be illusions; those with scars know better." / —Zhalfirin Guide to the Desert
Viashino Sandswimmer: Few swim in a place of such thirst.
Viashino Shanktail: The Slizt Clan's battle cry is an impressive display of fury, defiance, and spit.
Viashino Skeleton: Underneath the Dregscape lay the remains of creatures long extinct from Grixis.
Viashino Slasher: Citizens of Ravnica stick to the main streets. Shortcuts may look tempting, but down each alley, dozens of hungry hands await, and screams do not carry into the busy market throng.
Viashino Slaughtermaster: "I'll fight two at once, and then lick their guts from my blades."
Viashino Spearhunter: Viashino lack the majesty of their draconic ancestors, but they lash out with equal rage and twice the spite.
Viashino Warrior: "When traveling the Great Desert avoid wearing the scales of lizards, for the Viashino rule the sands and look poorly on the skinning of their cousins." / —Zhalfirin Guide to the Desert
Viashino Weaponsmith: Within the rig settlement, those who have mastered the making of weapons earn highest honor.
Viashivan Dragon: The Viashivan understand that cruelty arises from opportunity.
Vibrating Sphere: "Unearthly and invisible fibers emanate from this sphere, entangling all who draw near." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Vicious Hunger: "Blood is foul, the flesh dross. My ascendance thirsts for life itself." / —Crovax
Vicious Hunger: Only the most ravenous soul feeds on the health of the weak.
Vicious Kavu: As battle raged in Shiv, a strange new ally appeared from below the ravaged ground.
Vicious Shadows: "Thrashes of the ancient past still linger in spirit and shadow, desperate to sink their claws into our souls." / —Rakka Mar
Victim of Night: "Do not touch a drop. Not yet. I want to watch this so-called slayer's last crisis of faith." / —Olivia Voldaren
Victimize: "Die. But die knowing that your pathetic life will yield a great bounty for me." / —Zul Ashur, lich lord
Victimize: The priest cast Xantcha to the ground. "It is defective. We must scrap it."
Victorious Destruction: "The refugees look at these structures with hope. We must relieve them of this burden." / —Juex, tormentor exarch
Victory's Herald: The corruption stirred the heavens above, awaking a shining champion.
Victual Sliver: "We are kinfolk," explained Karn to the sliver queen. "Just as you need your progeny to complete you, so do I need the pieces of the Legacy to make me whole."
View from Above: "This air feels so heavy and thick. There are no winds to speak of. I fear the knowledge that comes from a place like this."
Vigean Hydropon: Fruits of magic, roots in science.
Vigil for the Lost: "As she grew cold in my arms, I swore an oath that her funeral pyre would be dwarfed by a bonfire of our enemies."
Vigilance: "Put a spear in a peasant's hands, and you have an expendable troop. Put a purpose in his heart, and you win a warrior." / —Sensei Golden-Tail
Vigilant Drake: Awake and awing in the blink of an eye.
Vigilant Drake: It can stay aloft for weeks with little or no sleep.
Vigilante Justice: It begins as a whisper and ends with the red roar of fire.
Vigor Mortis: After fear and weakness rot away, that which remains is stronger than its living form.
Vile Consumption: The plague moved faster than an army and was far more deadly.
Vile Deacon: "The Cabal and the Order really aren't that different. After all, we are both empowered by faith."
Vile Rebirth: "‘Here lies our beloved Gartu, the gentlest of all men.' Ooh, I love irony." / —Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Vile Rebirth: Grave robbers digging down cautiously listen for anything digging up.
Village Bell-Ringer: "Priests, hunters, slayers—to arms! The enemy approaches!"
Village Cannibals: Some have endured the horrors of Innistrad by becoming the worst monsters of all.
Village Elder: "Enchant me with your tale-telling. Tell about Tree, Grass, River, and Wind. / Tell why Truth must fight with Falsehood, and why Truth will always win." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Village Ironsmith: Each night, he abandons the trappings of civilization.
Village Survivors: As their villages fell to werewolves, fleeing refugees discovered they too had remarkable survival instincts.
Villagers of Estwald: You can spot a werewolf-infested town by its lack of butcher shops.
Villainous Ogre: "The war saw the ogres emerge from their caves, reeking of blood, with the power of oni in their veins." / —Observations of the Kami War
Villainous Wealth: Gold buys death. Death earns gold.
Vindicate: "Don't mourn for me. This is my destiny." / —Gerrard
Vindicate: "I have seen entire civilizations rise and fall. You mortals are but dust to me." / —Sorin Markov
Vindicate: Some convictions are so strong that the world must break to accommodate them.
Vindictive Mob: Many minds, a single madness.
Vine Trellis: "We protect our own with our own."
Vine Trellis: Nature twists knots stronger than any rope.
Vinelasher Kudzu: It grows to hate you.
Vineweft: Fortified by the wilds.
Vintara Elephant: Trained with the aid of rhystic magic, they become uneasy in its absence.
Vintara Snapper: "The snapper is still when all else moves / And strikes when all are dozing." / —Tales of the Vintara Forest
Violent Ultimatum: "Words are a waste of time. Destruction is a language everyone understands." / —Sarkhan Vol
Violet Pall: A faerie is the offspring of Oona and mischief.
Viper's Kiss: "I could heal a snakebite. Looks like you got bitten by a constellation." / —Aescalos, healer of Pharika
Viridescent Wisps: In the wisps that night, the once timid boggart saw all the terrible, bloody things he was capable of. And it was glorious.
Viridian Acolyte: "We have no sun to guide our dead, so I tend the prismatic flames of the spirit fires that show the souls their way. When I die, I hope there is one left to guide my spirit home."
Viridian Betrayers: To secure a place in Phyrexia's ranks, they hunted their surviving kin.
Viridian Claw: "Phyrexians can't corrupt what they can't get close enough to touch."
Viridian Harvest: "In the midst of horror beyond imagining, I still see things that lift my heart." / —Ezuri
Viridian Joiner: "The Tangle reaches out to itself constantly, forming new connections. We must follow its example."
Viridian Lorebearers: A small band of elves pledged many years ago to avoid the Edges of Forgetting. They have remained hidden until now.
Viridian Revel: "Let them have their revel. Soon those who won't submit will be turned. Those who won't be turned will die." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Viridian Scout: They know a hoverguard's only blind spot is directly above it.
Viridian Shaman: Because the elves are so in touch with Mirrodin's nature, they understand best how to dismantle it.
Viridian Shaman: She stands as a living symbol of the natural world and an enemy of the forces that threaten it.
Viridian Zealot Avatar: DST Participation Avatar
Viridian Zealot: "I will fight only the way nature intended—and nature intended us to win."
Virtue's Ruin: All must fall, and those who stand highest fall hardest.
Virtuous Charge: "The empire belongs to no one man but to all in the empire. He who has virtue shall possess it."
Virulent Wound: Sadly, the extent of Gerkk's healing knowledge was "don't pick at it."
Visara the Dreadful: "My eyes are my strongest feature."
Viscera Seer: In matters of life and death, he trusts his gut.
Viscerid Armor: A fallen Viscerid's only tribute is to be worn by a comrade.
Viscerid Armor: A fallen viscerid's only tribute is to be worn by a comrade.
Viscerid Armor: One Viscerid's death is often another's gain.
Viscerid Drone: Not all of Terisiare's flooding was natural . . . .
Viscid Lemures: "Lemurs? Is that all? Finally, something harmless . . ." / —Norin the Wary
Viseling: "This may hurt a lot."
Vision Skeins: "I could see in the other mage's eyes that he'd thought of it too. Then it became a race to exploit the knowledge first."
Visions of Beyond: "The past is the foundation for all that exists in the present. We merely reconstruct what our ancestors have already discovered." / —Sachimir, Sage of Memories
Visions: "Visions of glory, spare my aching sight, / Ye unborn ages, crowd not on my soul!" / —Thomas Gray, "The Bard"
Visions: "Visions of glory, spare my aching sight,/ Ye unborn ages, crowd not on my soul!" / —Thomas Gray, The Bard
Vital Splicer: "For every one that falls, ten shall rise. The revelation of New Phyrexia is at hand." / —Vorinclex, Voice of Hunger
Vitalize: "After waking to the magic of Llanowar, no dreams can compare." / —Mirri of the Weatherlight
Vitalizing Cascade: "Water is like breathing—necessary for life." / —Asmira, Holy Avenger
Vitalizing Wind: "The fifth wind of ascension is Exalter, fulfilling Keld's destiny." / —Keld Triumphant
Vithian Renegades: "Here is the proof that what has been done may yet be undone. The hope we thought dead will be gloriously reborn."
Vitu-Ghazi Guildmage: "Preachers of freedom forget that conformity can be beautiful."
Vitu-Ghazi, the City-Tree: In the autumn, she casts her seeds across the streets below, and come spring, her children rise in service to the Conclave.
Vivify: Near the Krosan border, farmers keep watch over their fields lest the sod get up and wander away.
Vivisection: Phyrexians research with the grace of surgeons and the finesse of butchers.
Vizzerdrix: A bored wizard once created a vizzerdrix out of a bunny and a piranha. He never made that mistake again.
Vizzerdrix: Its swamp cousin may be meaner, but the vizzerdrix is much bigger.
Vodalian Hypnotist: "Deceit is the heart of war."
Vodalian Illusionist: "Torahn gore these shifty fishtails! You can't even get close to one." / —Tahngarth of the Weatherlight
Vodalian Knights: Fear the Knight leaping from the water into the air, weapon ready.
Vodalian Knights: Fear the knight leaping from the water into the air, weapon ready.
Vodalian Mage: "Come back, cowards Everyone knows Merfolk can't wield magic"Pashadar Dirf, Goblin Flotilla Commander, last words
Vodalian Mage: "Vodalian Mages are remarkable. Their merchants bring them arcane lore and devices from across the seas." / —Lydia Wynforth, Mayor of Trokair
Vodalian Mage: Vodalian Mages were invaluable in magical combat. Unfortunately, the Homarids raided with strength, numbers, and very little magic.
Vodalian Merchant: Not choosing sides in a war can be dangerous—but lucrative.
Vodalian Mystic: "Sometimes when I look at the ocean, I could swear it changes colors." / —Sisay
Vodalian Soldiers: "Stalwart Soldiers, you stand against the Homarids for Vodalia and for honor. Your homeland cries out for protection, and the moment has come. Now let your valor shine, and sound the cry to battle. Victory to Vodalia" / —Marshall Volnikov
Vodalian Soldiers: "The cooling climate introduced a new threat to Vodalia: the Homarids. Once a minor nuisance, they thrived in the changing environment. Their ceaseless attacks strained Vodalia's defenses to their limit, eventually overwhelming the empire." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. V
Vodalian Soldiers: "Vodalian Soldiers had some unique advantages. Often they would ride into battle on war machines rumored to have come from the far northern oceans." / —Sarpadian Empires, vol. V
Vodalian Soldiers: "Vodalian rank is displayed by the colors and patterns of their skin. Beware the color red; that is the badge of the empress's favor." / —Corbio, pearl diver
Vodalian Soldiers: "You think you know everything there is to know about battle? You know Orc droppings Underwater combat is three dimensional. Those thrice-damned Vodalians don't attack in ranks; they attack in schools." / —Ivra Jursdotter
Vodalian Zombie: "Every last one of you will become my servant. It's a shame you won't live to see the irony." / —Tsabo Tavoc, Phyrexian general
Voice of Duty: "Next to Law is Duty, and Duty must be obeyed. If the frame of Duty is broken, none shall weave life's fabric." / —Song of All, canto 167
Voice of Grace: "Opposite Law is Grace, and Grace must be preserved. If the strands of Grace are unraveled, its design will be lost, and the people with it." / —Song of All, canto 167
Voice of Law: "Life's balance is as a star: on one point is Law, and Law must be upheld. If the knots of order are loosened, chaos will spill through." / —Song of All, canto 167
Voice of Reason: "Next to Grace is Reason, and Reason must be retained. If the web of Reason comes unwoven, madness will escape." / —Song of All, canto 167
Voice of Truth: "Above them all is Truth, and Truth must be set free. If the wings of Truth are clipped, the voices will fall silent." / —Song of All, canto 167
Voice of the Provinces: Her horn is heard across Innistrad, lifting the hearts of the righteous.
Voice of the Woods: The ritual of making draws upon the elves' memories and pasts. And elves have long memories and ancient pasts.
Voiceless Spirit: "I'd rather take on a neckbiter or moonhowler any day. Oh well, looks like I'm going to end up parrying with empty air half the night." / —Saint Trogen, the Slayer
Voices from the Void: As Grixis collided with the rest of Alara, the worlds began to hear the hateful whispers of the forgotten dead.
Void Snare: "I've tried so many variations on how to get rid of annoying things that it's hard to decide which one I like best." / —Ashurel, voidmage
Void Stalker: Now you see it, now you're gone.
Voidslime: "It is technically an ooze, but its lifespan measures only seconds. In that short time, its appetite for magic is extraordinary." / —Simic research notes
Voidwielder: "He makes up his own laws, and that's dangerous to all who love peace and prosperity. Kill him on sight." / —Mirela, Azorius hussar
Volcanic Awakening: With a great roar, the land opened like a titan's yawn, with teeth of blackened rock and a lolling tongue of magma.
Volcanic Dragon: Sometimes an eruption in Shiv produces something more dangerous than a mere river of molten rock.
Volcanic Dragon: Speed and fire are always a deadly combination.
Volcanic Fallout: "How can we outrun the sky?" / —Hadran, sunseeder of Naya
Volcanic Geyser: "The common folk call it the breaking of the crust or the spilling of fire. Geomancers call it target practice." / —Ryda, geomancer
Volcanic Geyser: "The mountain's fire surges beneath your feet, demanding release. Can you not feel it?"
Volcanic Geyser: My thunder comes before the lightning; my lightning comes before the clouds; my rain dries all the land it touches. What am I? / —Femeref riddle
Volcanic Geyser: My thunder comes before the lightning; my lightning comes before the clouds; my rain dries all the land it touches. What am I? —Femeref riddle
Volcanic Hammer: Cast the weight as though it were a die, to see a rival's fate.
Volcanic Hammer: Fire finds its form in the heat of the forge.
Volcanic Strength: His blood boiled over, and he erupted with fists of stone.
Volcanic Strength: The mountains bend to no one.
Volcanic Submersion: A dragon's death is almost as feared as its life. Old, dying dragons throw themselves into volcanoes, causing massive upheaval and widespread disaster.
Volcanic Wind: The Cho-Arrim call it "the fury of Ramos."
Volcano Imp: Its claws cut faster than a flame flickers.
Volition Reins: "Glorifying the will is a mistake. It is simply one more force to be mastered."
Volrath the Fallen: "I stepped out. I did not step down."
Volrath's Gardens: "Watch yourself," warned Starke. "These plants aren't nice when they're hungry."
Volrath's Stronghold: The seed of a world's evil.
Volrath: The son of Gerrard's surrogate father, Sidar Kondo, Volrath stole Gerrard's Legacy and rose to power selling it off piece by piece. Now, he is an evincar, or agent, of the Lord of the Wastes. Armed with exceptional magical powers, he plots to conquer the entire multiverse.
Voltaic Construct: The undead may outlast the living, but those who have never lived outlast them both.
Voltaic Key: The key did not work on a single lock, yet it opened many doors.
Voltaic Key: The missing piece to every puzzle.
Volunteer Militia: After making the Peach Garden Oath, the three brothers raised an army of 500 youths to fight the Yellow Scarves rebellion.
Volunteer Militia: People fight hardest on their own soil.
Volunteer Reserves: "I'm always a little leery of anyone who offers to kill other people for free." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Voracious Cobra: There's no known antidote for the cobra's venom . . . or its appetite.
Voracious Wurm: Shepherds in Kalonia know it's better to let sheep roam than have them be trapped when the wurms are feeding.
Vorapede: "If you think you've killed one, guess again." / —Thalia, Knight-Cathar
Vorel of the Hull Clade: "I used to hurl rocks and eat scraps of meat burned over a fire. Look at what I've become and tell me Simic does not hold infinite possibility."
Vorstclaw: "Where'd the werewolves go? Maybe that got hungry." / —Halana of Ulvenwald
Vortex Elemental: The sea is always hungry.
Votary of the Conclave: An ageless order, the votaries receive the gift of rejuvenation from the temple gardens they guard.
Vow of Duty: "I prefer loyalty to be a matter of respect, not of magic. But one does what one must." / —Kaalia of the Vast
Vow of Flight: "Soaring is wasted on the winged." / —Edric, Spymaster of Trest
Vow of Lightning: "Ruhan would never agree to such terms." / —Ruhan of the Fomori
Vow of Malice: "I grant you blades—on the condition that they are not pointed at me." / —Damia, Sage of Stone
Vow of Wildness: "Savagery is the birthright of every creature that draws breath—or wishes it could." / —Karador, Ghost Chieftain
Voyage's End: Philosophers say those lost at sea ascended to a more perfect realm. Sailors say they drowned.
Voyager Staff: Voyager staffs are sought by those hoping to find an escape from the sprawling glut of Ravnica.
Voyaging Satyr: "None can own the land's bounty. The gods made this world for all to share its riches. And I'm not just saying that because you caught me stealing your fruit."
Vulpine Goliath: "With a diet of hydras, giants, and massive serpents, anything would get that big." / —Corisande, Setessan hunter
Vulshok Battlemaster: "I could demonstrate how the leonin sunsplicer works, but then you'd be too dead to buy one."
Vulshok Berserker: He experiences every emotion with passion and repays every slight with vengeance.
Vulshok Berserker: He will carve out a legend for himself with his own two hands.
Vulshok Heartstoker: He fashions stirring words with as much passion as a smith fashioning a warhammer.
Vulshok Refugee: "I will carve my people's vengeance on the face of Phyrexia."
Vulshok Replica: All the fury of the Vulshok with only a trace of their recklessness.
Vulshok Sorcerer: Vulshok sorcerers train by leaping into electrified storm clouds. Dead or alive, they come back down with smiles on their faces.
Vulshok War Boar: It must eat its weight in metal daily, or its furnacelike belly will consume itself for lack of fuel.
Vulturous Zombie: "When something dies, all things benefit. Well okay, just our things." / —Ezoc, Golgari rot farmer
Waiting in the Weeds: The trees have ears, eyes, and teeth.
Wake Thrasher: Anyone who thinks merrows have more brains than brawn has never been run over by one.
Wake of Destruction: Land charred black, rivers boiled, / Crops and wells alike despoiled, / Mountains leveled, forests felled— / Footprints of the beasts of Keld.
Wake of Vultures: "So the vulture said to the griffin, ‘You gonna eat that?'" / —Azeworai, "The Ugly Bird"
Wake the Reflections: "You see a bird, an oak, a packbeast. I see the potential for an army." / —Lalia, Selesnya dryad
Wakedancer: Hers is an ancient form of necromancy, steeped in shamanic trance and ritual that few skaberen or ghoulcallers comprehend.
Wakestone Gargoyle: Its pulsating cry shatters bonds of iron, granite, and servitude.
Waking Nightmare: "Once each year, the oni and other evil spirits paraded through villages to disturb mortals' sleep. During the war, this parade became a nightly event." / —Observations of the Kami War
Walking Atlas: Crafted by lullmages and bound to the land, it alters itself to match the tumultuous terrain.
Walking Corpse: "Feeding a normal army is a problem of logistics. With zombies, it is an asset. Feeding is why they fight. Feeding is why they are feared." / —Jadar, ghoulcaller of Nephalia
Walking Corpse: "Is it hopeless? When wave upon wave of our dead return as mindless flesh-eaters to claw upon Thraben's walls? We're too busy cutting them down to indulge ourselves in such philosophical foppery." / —Mikaeus, the Lunarch
Walking Dead: The Walking Dead are the remains of freakish experiments by the Necromantic Lords.
Walking Desecration: Such sacrilege turns blinding grief into blinding rage.
Walking Dream: Dreams, by definition, live shorter lives than those who dream them.
Walking Sponge: Not only does it catch fish, it cleans them too.
Walking Wall: "The fortress is not what it seems." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Walking Wall: "The fortress is not what it seems." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi machinist
Wall of Air: "Let the air itself protect you, for it is everywhere." / —Master wizard
Wall of Air: "This ‘standing windstorm' can hold us off indefinitely? Ridiculous!" Saying nothing, she put a pinch of salt on the table. With a bang she clapped her hands, and the salt disappeared, blown away.
Wall of Air: When no falcons fly, beware the sky. / —Femeref aphorism
Wall of Blood: Blood is thicker than mortar.
Wall of Blossoms: "Everything in Nature contains all the powers of Nature." - Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Compensation"
Wall of Blossoms: Each flower identical, every leaf and petal disturbingly exact.
Wall of Bone: "Good neighbors make good walls." / —Jakkarak the Maimer
Wall of Bone: "Graveyards are sacrilege! A waste of perfectly good bones." / —Keren-Dur, necromancer lord
Wall of Bone: A skeletal wall, strengthened by the souls of traitors, rings the city of the Eastern Paladin.
Wall of Bone: The Wall of Bone is said to be an aspect of the Great Wall in Hel, where the bones of all sinners wait for Ragnarok, when Hela will call them forth for the final battle.
Wall of Brambles: "What else, when chaos / draws all forces inward / to shape a single leaf." / —Conrad Aiken
Wall of Brambles: "What else, when chaos draws all forces inward to shape a single leaf." /  —Conrad Aiken
Wall of Brambles: "What else, when chaos draws all forces inward to shape a single leaf." / —Conrad Aiken
Wall of Brambles: Sleeping in brambles / —Elven phrase meaning / "plagued by guilt"
Wall of Caltrops: "Ow! Ow ow ow! Oooh, ow, OW!"
Wall of Corpses: "I shall make walls of their flesh, and their blood will be my mortar." / —Kaervek
Wall of Denial: It provides what every discerning mage requires—time to think.
Wall of Diffusion: "The injury was being caught between this world and our own; the insult was to find walls within." / —Lyna, Soltari emissary
Wall of Diffusion: "The injury was being caught between this world and our own; the insult was to find walls within." / —Lyna, soltari emissary
Wall of Distortion: It reflects only nightmares.
Wall of Dust: An ever-moving swarm of dust engulfs and disorients anything that comes near.
Wall of Earth: The ground shuddered violently and the earth seemed to come to life. The elemental force contained in the vast wall of earth was trapped, bent to its controller's will.
Wall of Essence: "If you cannot turn your enemy's strength to weakness, then make that strength your own." / —Gresha, warrior sage
Wall of Essence: The ceiling and the floor fell in love, but only the wall knew. / —Dal saying
Wall of Faith: "This is a fine suit, armorsmith. I will be safe from harm. If only you could forge rings to mail the rest of my people . . ." / —Lord Hilneth
Wall of Fire: "Struggle, and you will only fan the flames." / —Talibah, embermage
Wall of Fire: Conjured from the bowels of hell, the fiery wall forms an impassable barrier, searing the soul of any creature attempting to pass through its terrible bursts of flame.
Wall of Fire: Mercy is for those who keep their distance.
Wall of Fire: The erupting flames work as both barrier and weapon.
Wall of Frost: "I have seen countless petty warmongers gaze on it for a time before turning away." / —Sarlena, paladin of the Northern Verge
Wall of Frost: "I welcome it. The pasture is cleared of weeds and the wolves are frozen solid." / —Lumi, goatherd
Wall of Glare: The blinding barrier served Benalia better than a hundred shields.
Wall of Granite: The wisest man builds his house behind the rock.
Wall of Heat: At a distance, we mistook the sound for a waterfall . . .
Wall of Heat: At a distance, we mistook the sound for a waterfall . . . .
Wall of Hope: "What cage would you rather be inside of than out?" / —Daru riddle
Wall of Ice: "And through the drifts the snowy cliffs / Did send a dismal sheen: / Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken— / The ice was all between." / —Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Wall of Ice: "And through the drifts the snowy cliffs/ Did send a dismal sheen:/ Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken—/ The ice was all between."/—Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Wall of Junk: Urza saw the wall and realized that even if he tore every Phyrexian to pieces, they would still resist him.
Wall of Kelp: "Ya can eat it or ya can weave it, but ya can't fight in it." / —Zeki, Reef Pirate
Wall of Kelp: "Ya can eat it or ya can weave it, but ya can't fight in it." / —Zeki, reef pirate
Wall of Lava: "Now there's something you don't see every day." / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Wall of Light: As many attackers were dazzled by the wall's beauty as were halted by its force.
Wall of Mulch: Mulch is the fabric of life in the forest. Plants live in it, they die in it, and then they become part of it, feeding countless generations to come.
Wall of Omens: "I search for a vision of Zendikar that does not include the Eldrazi." / —Expedition journal entry
Wall of Opposition: Like so many obstacles in life, the Wall of Opposition is but an illusion, held fast by the focus and belief of the one who creates it.
Wall of Pine Needles: The power of the forest takes a hundred forms. Some are more surprising than others.
Wall of Razors: "In this blessed structure let the very walls baptize themselves in the blood of intruders." / —Stronghold architect, journal
Wall of Resistance: Telim'Tor could no longer recall the exact number of assaults—but his troops could.
Wall of Reverence: The lives of elves are long, but their memories are longer. Even after death, they do not desert their homes.
Wall of Roots: Root systems in Mwonvuli twist through currents of mana rather than soil.
Wall of Roots: Sometimes the wise ones wove their magic into living plants; as the plant grew, so grew the magic.
Wall of Shields: "It's the pokey bits that hurt the most." / —Ib Halfheart, Goblin Tactician
Wall of Souls: "It is the nature of evil to turn you against yourself." / —Starke
Wall of Spears: "A stick is your friend. A pointed stick is your good friend. An army of pointed sticks is your best friend." / —Onean sergeant
Wall of Spears: Even the most conservative generals revised their tactics after the Battle of Sarinth, during which a handful of peasant-pikemen held off a trio of rampaging Craw Wurms.
Wall of Spears: Even the most conservative generals revised their tactics after the Battle of Sarinth, during which a handful of peasant-pikemen held off a trio of rampaging craw wurms.
Wall of Stone: The Earth herself lends her strength to these walls of living stone, which possess the stability of ancient mountains. These mighty bulwarks thwart ground-based troops, providing welcome relief for weary warriors who defend the land.
Wall of Stone: The ground itself lends its strength to these walls of living stone, which possess the stability of ancient mountains. These mighty bulwarks thwart ground-based troops, providing welcome relief for weary warriors who defend the land.
Wall of Swords: "When I said we needed more swords to protect the realm, this was not quite what I had in mind." / —Olander, tactician of the Northern Verge
Wall of Swords: Just as the evil ones approached to slay Justina, she cast a great spell, imbuing her weapons with her own life force. Thus she fulfilled the prophecy: "In the death of your savior will you find salvation."
Wall of Swords: Sharper than wind, lighter than air.
Wall of Swords: The air hummed with the scissoring sound of uncounted blades that hovered in front of the invaders as though wielded by a phalanx of unseen hands.
Wall of Tanglecord: Rootlike fibers travel far from Mirrodin's metallic forests, emerging from the crust to drink in the mana-infused sunlight.
Wall of Tears: "Many have been lost to pity." / —Karn, silver golem
Wall of Torches: The foolish try to leap through the unlit spaces. The arrogant believe the fires harmless. The wise find a different door.
Wall of Vapor: "Walls of a castle are made out of stone,/ Walls of a house out of bricks or of wood./ My walls are made out of magic alone,/ Stronger than any that ever have stood." —Chrysoberyl Earthsdaughter, Incantations
Wall of Vines: Like all jungle plants, the vines must fight and claw for sunlight. Once their place is secured, they grow strong, sharp, and impenetrable.
Wall of Vipers: What wall can never be climbed, but is always scaled? / —Nakaya riddle
Wall of Water: A deafening roar arose as the fury of an enormous vertical river supplanted our serenity. Eddies turned into whirling geysers, leveling everything in their path.
Wall of Wonder: So confusing is the Wall's appearance that few of its victims even see it move.
Wall of Wonder: They wondered at the size of it. It wondered which to eat first.
Wall of Wood: Everybody knows that to ward off trouble, you knock on wood. But usually it's better to make a wall out of the wood and let trouble do the knocking.
Wall of Wood: Orcish lumberjacks spent the night sharpening their blades and resting for a day of labor. They awoke to find that the forest had been making its own preparations.
Wallop: In Yavimaya, flying low to join a battle can be a costly mistake.
Wand of Denial: You'll never miss what you never had.
Wand of the Elements: It gives legs to the earth and wings to the sky.
Wanderbrine Rootcutters: Most dirtwalkers only know of the vicious merrows that dwell in the shallows. They can't begin to fathom the wickedness that skulks in the Dark Meanders.
Wanderer's Twig: For every tree who falls, there are countless sprouts waiting to rise.
Wanderguard Sentry: Created by the vedalken to guard Lumengrid, the drones' empty eyes look beyond the Quicksilver Sea.
Wanderguard Sentry: It allows those with dangerous weapons to pass. But not those with dangerous thoughts.
Wandering Eye: The evincar has many ways of keeping track of his subjects.
Wandering Goblins: Tired of waiting for a dragon to eat them, some hardy goblins struck out to become meals for the unknown.
Wandering Graybeard: His tales are as tall as he is, and only a giant's life is long enough to listen to them all.
Wandering Ones: "I saw them once, when I was a child. They led me to my parents' arms when I was lost. Why have they abandoned me now? Why won't they take me home again?" / —Unnamed beggar
Wandering Stream: "Dominaria touches us all." / —Molimo, maro-sorcerer
Wandering Wolf: Humans still feared wolves, though no connection between them and the curse of lycanthropy had ever been proved.
Wanderlust: "How terrible to wander wishing only to escape oneself." / —Taysir
Wanderwine Hub: Below the great river, a bustling hub channels the flow of merrow trade.
War Behemoth: "The Houses always hope for peace, but we always pack for war." / —Gvar Barzeel, krumar commander
War Cadence: The rhythm isn't a call to arms, but a signal that the goblins have made a new enemy.
War Chariot: "I wouldn't advise using it with a Woolly Mammoth, but it's quite appropriate for many other beasts." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
War Elephant: "When elephants fight it is the grass that suffers." / —Kikuyu proverb
War Elephant: "When elephants fight it is the grass that suffers."Kikuyu Proverb
War Falcon: The falcon is the picture of nobility, maintaining a regal bearing even as it conducts the bloody business of war.
War Mammoth: I didn't think Mammoths could ever hold a candle to a well-trained battle horse. Then one day I turned my back on a drunken soldier. His blow never landed; Mi'cha flung the brute over ten meters.
War Mammoth: I didn't think mammoths could ever hold a candle to a well-trained battle horse. Then one day I turned my back on a drunken soldier. His blow never landed; Mi'cha flung the brute over ten meters.
War Priest of Thune: "Let nothing take away from the purity of swords clashing or of arrows taking flight toward the breast of evil."
War Priest of Thune: "The sacred might of Thune thunders in my soul."
War Report: Underling Ethu's 263rd report read simply "Yes, my lord. Overwhelmingly, my lord." This marked the end of the Mirran-Phyrexian War.
War Tax: The worst thing about being a depraved pirate is having to work with a bunch of depraved pirates.
War's Toll: Razia, archangel of war, demands total commitment.
War-Name Aspirant: No battle means more to a Mardu warrior than the one that earns her war name.
War-Spike Changeling: "Aren't there boggarts enough in Lorwyn? Couldn't it turn into a sheep? Or a sunflower?" / —Olly of Goldmeadow
War-Torch Goblin: "In a town shaped by the subtle machinations and political intrigue of its guilds, it's reassuring to see a goblin waving his torch and screaming about some nonsense or other." / —Agrus Kos
War-Wing Siren: Once she sang sailors to their doom. Now she leads them to glory.
Warclamp Mastiff: "One bite from that dog will send you to the healer's tent for days." / —Watchmaster Finn of An Karras
Ward Sliver: The first wave of slivers perished from the Riptide wizards' magic. The second wave shrugged off their spells like water.
Ward of Bones: Mages dare not attempt magic in its grotesque presence.
Ward of Piety: Reluctant to strike at the kami directly, some kitsune trained in more passive fighting techniques.
Warden of Evos Isle: On Evos Isle, the swift and formidable aven enforce the will of the ruling sphinxes.
Warden of the Beyond: He draws strength from a vast source few mortals can fathom. / Designed by Isaiah Cartwright
Warden of the Eye: The wardens guard the sacred documents of Tarkir's history, though they are forbidden to read the words.
Wargate: Bant mages still call to the heavens for aid, but angels are not the only ones who answer.
Warleader's Helix: "There is no time to remedy our enemies' ignorance. Blast it out of them." / —Aurelia
Warlord's Axe: To split wood with it would be sacrilege. This tool has but one purpose, and that is war.
Warmind Infantry: Before Aurelia denounced Niv-Mizzet, the two guilds had collaborated on the Warmind Initiative in pursuit of the ultimate soldier.
Warmonger Hellkite: Its wings beat to the howls of war and fan the fires of rage.
Warmonger's Chariot: The best defense is a good offense.
Warmonger: Funny how money and war travel so well together.
Warmth: "Flame grows gentle with but a little distance." / —Orim, Samite healer
Warning: "The folk of the Karplusan Mountains are impossible to ambush." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, / Balduvian Chieftain
Warning: "The folk of the Karplusan mountains are impossible to ambush." / —Lovisa Coldeyes, Balduvian chieftain
Warpath Ghoul: Ghouls are often found skulking on the fringes of great battles, showing themselves only to snatch the wounded and weak, dragging their victims screaming into the shadows.
Warpath Ghoul: The battle was over, but the carnage continued for days.
Warpath: Cho-Manno had never seen Mercadia City's forces fight so well. The magistrate must have hired a new hero.
Warped Devotion: "Before the glory of Yawgmoth, yes, even this makes sense." / —Urza, to Gerrard
Warped Devotion: "The spirit of the devout is easily crushed by the loss of hope." / —Fallen angel
Warped Physique: The Gruul seek unbounded strength. The Dimir deliver cruel irony.
Warped Researcher: New insights yield new senses.
Warping Wurm: Even wurms start out small.
Warren Instigator: "Danger! Danger! Come out of the safety of your holes!"
Warren Pilferers: "What do they need all this stuff for? They're dead. We're alive. Simple enough."
Warren Weirding: "And that's when it was discovered that boggarts have just half a brain." / —The Book of Other Folk
Warren-Scourge Elf: "If one can associate any virtue with the eyeblights, it is the talent some achieve in disposing of them. I have seen the slaying of boggarts raised nearly to an art form." / —Fiala, Gilt-Leaf winnower
Warrior Angel: She represents not hope, but hope's desperate fury.
Warrior en-Kor: Only a matter as vital as destroying Volrath could bring together the reclusive Kor people.
Warrior's Charge: It is not the absence of fear that makes a warrior, but its domination.
Warrior's Honor: "No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave." / —Calvin Coolidge
Warrior's Honor: "The day will come when the righteous warrior faces a battle she cannot win. She will greet that day as she has any other." / —Asmira, holy avenger
Warrior's Honor: "We are to be bound together as the reeds of a basket." / —Asmira, Rashida, and Jabari, unity chant
Warrior's Oath: "If I fail, my head is yours." / —Warrior's oath common / during the Three Kingdoms period
Warriors' Lesson: "Let each challenge make you a better warrior." / —Anthousa of Setessa
Warstorm Surge: "Listen to the roar! Feel the thunder! The Immersturm shouts its approval with every bolt of lightning!"
Warthog: "Too much work—it takes a long time to break them in, and more than a few recruits." / —Grebog, goblin swine-rider
Wash Out: "It's not the darkness I fear but dull and numbing shades of gray." / —Sydri, galvanic genius
Wash Out: "Perhaps planning should become a higher priority for me." / —Dack Fayden
Wash Out: "Rest now. You've neither won nor lost, but this battle is over for you just the same." / —Teferi
Wasp Lancer: "I doubt that faeries understand how short their lives are, compared to the rest of us. If they did, would they so readily charge into battle, heedless of the danger before them?" / —Awylla, elvish safewright
Waste Away: Chainer's insanity touched nearly every living thing—including viruses.
Waste Not: Designed by the Magic community
Wasteland Viper: "The Gruul embrace all things poisonous and living in the cracks of society." / —Teysa Karlov, Grand Envoy of Orzhov
Wasteland: "I will show you fear in a handful of dust." - T. S. Eliot, "The Waste Land"
Wasteland: "The land promises nothing and keeps its promise." -Oracle en-Vec
Wasteland: "The land promises nothing and keeps its promise." / —Oracle en-Vec
Watchdog: Its growl is a long, rumbling grind of gears and clockwork, its bark a blast of hissing steam.
Watcher Sliver: "I have spied them, wandering and watching—but for what? I fear they watch for us." / —Yonat of Amrou
Watchwing Scarecrow: The wings are held in place by wicker rods. The rods are held in place by pure faith.
Watchwolf: Only in Ravnica do the wolves watch the flock.
Water Elemental: The water that a ship sails on is the same water that swallows it up. / —Chinese proverb
Water Elemental: Unpredictable as the sea itself, Water Elementals shift without warning from tranquility to tempest. Capricious and fickle, they flow restlessly from one shape to another, expressing their moods with their physical forms.
Water Elemental: Unpredictable as the sea itself, water elementals shift without warning from tranquility to tempest. Capricious and fickle, they flow restlessly from one shape to another, expressing their moods with their physical forms.
Water Servant: "This creature has innate perceptiveness. It knows when to rise and when to vanish into the tides." / —Jestus Dreya, Of Elements and Eternity
Watercourser: "Beware an eddy where there should be none or a stretch that flows too fast or too slow." / —Old Fishbones, Martyne river guide
Waterfront Bouncer: Closing time comes earlier to some than to others.
Waterspout Djinn: "Fly us higher, out of its storm." / —Sisay, Captain of the Weatherlight
Waterspout Djinn: "Fly us higher, out of its storm." / —Sisay, captain of the Weatherlight
Waterwhirl: "Be as water: untamed and unheld, yet inexorably flowing toward a greater goal." / —Shensu, Riverwheel mystic
Watery Grave: "I fear that as we scurry after phantoms, the Dimir pull nine puppet strings." / —Ral Zarek
Wave Elemental: "Consider the wave: how weak the mother yet how strong the child." / —Tywanna, Shaper Guildmage
Wave of Indifference: "Darius?" / "Yeah?" / "There's a goblin sneaking up on you." / "So?" / "Just sayin'."
Wave of Reckoning: Inner conflict can defeat a soldier more quickly than any army.
Wave of Terror: The sea of fear has endless depths.
Waveskimmer Aven: The greatest gift you can give a sea aven is solitude.
Way of the Thief: A true shortcut isn't a way other people don't know; it's a way other people can't go.
Wayfarer's Bauble: It is the forest beyond the horizon, the mountain waiting to be climbed, the new land across the endless sea.
Wayfaring Giant: Its stature and stride increase with each step it takes.
Waylay: "You reek of corruption," spat the knight. "Why are you even here?"
Wayward Soul: "no home    no heart    no hope" / —Stronghold graffito
Weakness: "For strength to have any meaning, there must also be . . . you."
Weakstone: During the brothers' childhood, Tocasia took them to explore the sacred cave of Koilos. There, in the Hall of Tagsin, Mishra discovered the mysterious weakstone.
Weatherseed Elf: "My grandmother once told me the future of our world was inside the Weatherseed. When I touched it, I knew she was right."
Weatherseed Faeries: Two days after the forge was completed, the faeries were immune to its flames.
Weave Fate: Temur shamans speak of three destinies: the now, the echo of the past, and the unwritten. They find flickering paths among tangled possibilities.
Web of Inertia: Cephalids specialize in lose-lose situations.
Wee Dragonauts: "The blazekite is a simple concept, really—just a vehicular application of dragscoop ionics and electropropulsion magnetronics." / —Juzba, Izzet tinker
Wee Dragonauts: The blazekite is a simple concept, really - just a vehicular application of dragscoop ionics and electropropulsion magnetronics. / —Juzba, Izzet tinker
Weed-Pruner Poplar: "When Byoog reached down to pull up a bit of root for the stew, he didn't expect the root to pull back." / —A tale of Auntie Wort
Wei Ambush Force: The battle of Puyang marked the beginning of the end for Lu Bu. He lost the city—and later his life—to Cao Cao.
Wei Elite Companions: Cao Cao was more concerned with capabilities than lineage. He excelled at recruiting and retaining men of talent to serve him.
Wei Infantry: Wei won the battle of Hefei when Zhang Liao defeated Sun Quan and then foiled a Wu scheme to incite rebellion.
Wei Scout: He will win who, prepared himself, waits to take the enemy unprepared." / —Sun Tzu, Art of War (trans. Giles)
Wei Strike Force: At the battle of Chang'an, Ma Chao defeated the two generals Cao Cao sent to guard the pass but was forced to flee when Cao Cao's trickery turned his own ally against him.
Weight of Conscience: Sometimes the weight of the world on your shoulders is a literal one.
Weight of Spires: "Finally, a good use for an Azorius courthouse." / —Ghut Rak, Gruul guildmage
Weight of the Underworld: Proud Alkmenos, who would not bow to Erebos in death, is now bowed by his own hubris for all eternity.
Weird Harvest: Krosa's distorted groves bear strange fruit.
Weirding Shaman: All boggarts have an auntie, but they don't all have a mum.
Welding Jar: The wires crawl over broken metal and heat themselves to melting, filling cracks quickly and efficiently.
Welkin Guide: "Those talons really dig into your skin, but it's better than being dropped." / —Rafiq of the Many
Welkin Tern: "It preys on other birds. And drakelings. And drakes. Pretty much anything that crosses its flight path is fair game." / —Amira, skycaptain of Thune
Welkin Tern: "The sky hedrons are covered with tern nests. It's as though the birds have given up on the land altogether." / —Ilori, merfolk falconer
Welkin Tern: Sailors have come to regard them as bad luck, for they falsely bring hope of land.
Well of Discovery: When you have given everything, then you are capable of anything. / —Well inscription
Well of Life: When you have given everything, then you have everything to gain. / —Well inscription
Well of Lost Dreams: Some say the knowledge lost during the Ritual of Rebuking is returned through the well's waters.
Well-Laid Plans: "I knew this day would come," said Urza. Looking at the destruction, Barrin sighed, "You don't have to revel in it."
Wellgabber Apothecary: "You've discovered that boggarts bite, I see. And will the militia be chasing this lot? . . . Ah, you're staying in town to avoid Nath's hunt. Wise. Now this poultice . . ."
Wellwisher: "Close your ears to the voice of greed, and you can turn a gift for one into a gift for many."
Werebear: He exercises his right to bear arms.
Western Paladin: "Expect nothing but scorn, flattery, and lies. And never turn your back on him." / —Northern paladin
Western Paladin: "Expect nothing but scorn, flattery, and lies. And never turn your back on him." / —The Northern Paladin
Western Paladin: "Their weak laws. Their flawed systems. They inhibit the Grand Evolution. In Yawgmoth's name, we shall erase them." / —Oath of the West
Wet Willie of the Damned: Ever the warrior, Glissa responded with a "wedgie from beyond Uranus."
Wetland Sambar: As a test of calm and compassion, a Jeskai monk softly approaches a grazing sambar and offers it a lotus from his or her hand. If the creature eats, the student ascends to the next level of training.
Whalebone Glider: "It's no Ornithopter, but then I'm no Urza." / —Arcum Dagsson, Soldevi Machinist
Wheel of Sun and Moon: Every life ends, but life itself never does.
Wheel of Torture: "I'd like to buy a bowel."
Whelming Wave: "I can see why this appeals to Thassa." / —Kiora
When Fluffy Bunnies Attack: "Get it? Bunnies, letters, -X/-X? Me neither." / —Bucky, flavor text writer
Where Ancients Tread: "Never subtle nor cryptic is the reckoning of the mighty." / —Mayael the Anima
Whetstone: To hone swords and dull minds. / —Whetstone inscription
Which of You Burns Brightest?: "Let that be a lesson to you, your family, and everyone you've ever known."
Whimwader: "Thought? Deceit? Progress? Now you're just making it hungry." / —Abral, kithkin alchemist
Whip Sergeant: Keldon soldiers learn to move faster than the whip.
Whip Silk: Llanowar forges weapons of steel. Yavimaya grows her weapons within.
Whip-Spine Drake: "I swear the clouds were created just so the drakes would have a place to lurk." / —Kasharri, skyknight
Whipcorder: His bolas whirl like galaxies, but it's his enemies who see stars.
Whipflare: The slag-workers wasted no time in creating their own flare pulses to cleanse the area of the incompleat.
Whipgrass Entangler: "Now that I have your attention, perhaps I can tell you of the Order."
Whipkeeper: "If you don't hit your adversaries while they're down, they might get up again."
Whippoorwill: If the Whippoorwill remains silent, the soul has not reached its reward.
Whipstitched Zombie: Pity the tailor.
Whiptail Moloch: "It wags its tail when it's happy. It wags its tail when it's angry. Nope, there's no good time to be around a whiptail." / —Rugar, Leaguehall Infirmary patient
Whiptail Wurm: It's hard to say for certain which end is more dangerous.
Whiptongue Frog: Their favorite food? Wind dancers.
Whirling Catapult: "Direct confrontation never was to the Orcs' taste." / —General Varchild
Whirling Catapult: "Direct confrontation never was to the orcs' taste." / —General Varchild
Whirling Dervish: Amid this whirling hurricane of blades, there is no calm eye in which the hapless can find shelter.
Whirlpool Rider: Where the wind meets the water, change is inevitable.
Whirlwind: Urza tried to rule the air, but Gaea taught him that she controlled all the elements.
Whispergear Sneak: Spy for today. Plan for tomorrow.
Whispering Shade: It glides through the shadows until it reaches yours.
Whispers of the Muse: "I followed her song only to find it was a dirge." / —Crovax
Whispersilk Cloak: Such cloaks are in high demand both by assassins and by those who fear them.
White Knight: "When good men die their goodness does not perish, / But lives though they are gone." / —Euripides, Termenidae, trans. Morgan
White Knight: In the wretched depths of the Grand Coliseum, his soul shines like a single torch blazing in the night.
White Knight: Out of the blackness and stench of the engulfing swamp emerged a shimmering figure. Only the splattered armor and ichor-stained sword hinted at the unfathomable evil the Knight had just laid waste.
White Knight: Out of the blackness and stench of the engulfing swamp emerged a shimmering figure. Only the splattered armor and ichor-stained sword hinted at the unfathomable evil the knight had just laid waste.
White Shield Crusader: "Honor your steed and it will carry you to great deeds—and bring you home to tell of them."
White Sun's Zenith: After the Battle of Liet Field, the white sun crested above Taj-Nar, bringing hope to all who survived the carnage.
Whitemane Lion: Saltfield nomads call a sudden storm a "whitemane."
Whitesun's Passage: All over the Razor Fields, Whitesun is celebrated. Even the followers of the rebel Juryan, far from the Cave of Light, bow their heads in reverence.
Whitewater Naiads: Stand against the crash of the river's rapids and you will know the power of the naiads.
Wicked Akuba: The sound of children weeping is a song that fills its heart with joy.
Wicked Reward: "The blood on my hands is merely proof of my ambition." / —Kaervek
Wicker Warcrawler: It's the twisted creation of a kithkin diviner who dreamed of very large crows.
Wickerbough Elder: "Living scarecrows make a mockery of the natural order. Dead ones make fine hats."
Widespread Panic: "How thin is the veneer of civilization! A modest measure of panic will wash it off completely." / —Guard Erdrud of An Karras
Wielding the Green Dragon: Named for the eastern part of the sky, the source of energy and renewal, Guan Yu's crescent-moon blade weighed over 100 pounds.
Wight of Precinct Six: Even the lost and undead need a protector.
Wild Aesthir: "High in the Karplusans, death is swift and razor-clawed." / —Arna Kennerüd, Skycaptain
Wild Aesthir: "High in the Karplusans, death is swift and razor-clawed." / —Arna Kennerüd, skycaptain
Wild Aesthir: "What Barbarian secrets do they spy from their lofty perch?" / —General Varchild
Wild Beastmaster: "When they covered the world in city, all they did was give themselves nowhere to run."
Wild Cantor: They are the voice of the wild, crying out with nature's fury and bringing forth its primeval might.
Wild Celebrants: "You can tell something's really valuable by the sound it makes when you slam your staff into it."
Wild Colos: You'll never get a Keldon's goat.
Wild Defiance: "When civilization reaches out its greedy hand, take it off at the wrist." / —Garruk Wildspeaker
Wild Elephant: "I will tell my father's stories . . . . How the elephants trampled the leopard cub, and its father, though he knew, killed nine goats instead." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Wild Griffin: "I abandoned my dream of a squadron of griffin-riders when the cost proved too high. Three trainers were eaten for every griffin broken to the bridle." / —King Darien of Kjeldor
Wild Griffin: Farmers typically keep their flocks at thirteen sheep—one to distract the griffins while they take the other twelve to market.
Wild Griffin: Two little goblins, out in the sun. Down came a griffin, and then there was one.
Wild Growth: "Here in Fyndhorn, where Freyalise's power is strongest, the forest has its own opinion." / —Laina of the Elvish Council
Wild Growth: If you stop to listen, you can hear it grow.
Wild Guess: No guts, no glory.
Wild Hunger: Otto the Hunter was filled with many grand ambitions. The snake was filled only with Otto.
Wild Jhovall: Jhovalls sharpen their claws on trees—or on Mercadians, if no trees are handy.
Wild Leotau: "Leotau that were born wild make the best mounts. It's like riding a thunderstorm." / —Rafiq of the Many
Wild Mammoth: "Sit. Heel! Down! HELP!"
Wild Might: The hunted can become the fiercest hunters.
Wild Mongrel: It teaches you to play dead.
Wild Nacatl: "The Cloud Nacatl sit and think, a bunch of soft paws. We are the Claws of Marisi, stalking, pouncing, drawing blood."
Wild Ox: It has the run of the swamps, and it knows it.
Wild Ricochet: "I knew that trick long before your great-grandmother's great-grandmother was born."
Wild Ricochet: "May your day never match your expectations." / —Scriptus Fleen, flectomancer
Wild Swing: Though the shaman rarely got what she wanted, she was never disappointed in the result.
Wild Wurm: Wurm heads appear / Wild wurm near / Wurm tails you see / Wild wurm flee
Wilderness Elemental: "Don't be so quick to reclaim the thawing lands. They might have acquired a taste for freedom." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Wilderness Hypnotist: "I felt as if I were moving in brackish water, as if I were drowning, even though I knew I stood on dry land." / —Dindun of Kulrath Mine
Wildfire Emissary: "The efreet is a striding storm with a voice that crackles like fire." / —Qhattib, Vizier of Amiqat
Wildfire Emissary: "The efreet is a striding storm with a voice that crackles like fire." / —Qhattib, vizier of Amiqat
Wildfire: "Shiv hatched from a shell of stone around a yolk of flame." / —Viashino myth
Wildfire: Fire is always at the top of the food chain, and it has a big appetite.
Wildheart Invoker: "Life as we know it dangles on the brink of extinction. We must show the strength they would steal from us." / —The Invokers' Tales
Wildsize: Two times the size, four times the smell.
Wildslayer Elves: Some elves battled too long in the deep shadow, their swords dipped too often in tainted flesh and poisoned blood.
Wildwood Geist: The geists that dwell in the deep forests of Kessig are as untamable as the woods themselves.
Wildwood Rebirth: In Ravnica, there are maladies far more difficult to treat than death.
Will-Forged Golem: The modular nature of the automaton's design makes assembly perfectly intuitive.
Will-o'-the-Wisp: "About, about in reel and rout / The death-fires danced at night; / The water, like a witch's oils, / Burnt green, and blue and white." / —Samuel Coleridge, "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
Willow Dryad: Some think that dryads are the dreams of trees.
Willow Elf: The forest lives in the elf as the elf lives in the forest.
Willow Faerie: "Swift as the wind and harder to catch— that's the Faeries for you." / —Daria
Willow Faerie: "The Autumn Willow cannot be everywhere at once—that's what her grandchildren are for." / —Gulsen, Abbey Matron
Willow Priestess: "Those of faith are those of strength." / —Autumn Willow
Wilt-Leaf Cavaliers: Every elf in Shadowmoor is charged from birth with a terrible duty: to strike back against the ugliness and darkness, even though they are all around and seemingly without end.
Wind Dancer: "Flying like a bird does not make you as free as one." / —Volrath
Wind Dancer: "Take my hand and dance to the music of the winds."
Wind Dancer: The sky is her stage.
Wind Drake: "But high she shoots through air and light, / Above all low delay, / Where nothing earthly bounds her flight, / Nor shadow dims her way." / —Thomas Moore, "Oh that I had Wings"
Wind Drake: "But high she shoots through air and light, / Above all low delay, / Where nothing earthly bounds her flight, / Nor shadow dims her way." / —Thomas Moore, / "Oh that I had Wings"
Wind Drake: "No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings." / —William Blake, / The Marriage of Heaven and Hell
Wind Drake: "No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings." —William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell
Wind Drake: A smaller cousin to the dragon, drakes are often seen at the side of powerful wizards who use them as airborne eyes and ears.
Wind Drake: Air currents whip through the city corridors, creating wind tunnels that accelerate urban drakes toward their prey.
Wind Drake: Orim regarded Gerrard coolly. "You are like the drake," she said, her expression unchanging. "It works hard to maintain its position, but to us it seems to glide along effortlessly. You must do the same."
Wind Sail: It pays to be at home both on the sea and in the sky.
Wind Shear: "As the winds abated, there was a shower of dragonscales, then nothing more." / —Azeworai, "The Unruly Wind"
Wind Spirit: " . . . When the trees bow down their heads, / The wind is passing by." / —Christina Rossetti, / "Who Has Seen the Wind?"
Wind Spirit: " . . . When the trees bow down their heads, / The wind is passing by." / —Christina Rossetti, / "Who Has Seen the Wind?"
Wind Spirit: "To visit the sky requires bravery, and thought, and little else. To master the sky requires the binding of its masters, and little else." / —Arnjlot Olasson, Sky Mage
Wind Spirit: "To visit the sky requires bravery, and thought, and little else. To master the sky requires the binding of its masters, and little else." / —Arnjlot Olasson, sky mage
Windborn Muse: "Her voice is justice, clear and relentless." / —Akroma, angelic avenger
Windborne Charge: The merfolk call the sky goddess Emeria. The kor call her Kamsa. The two races agree on little except that she offers many blessings to the faithful.
Windbrisk Raptor: It awakened to gloom-fouled skies and responded with a righteous rage that shook the heavens.
Windfall: "To fill your mind with knowledge, we must start by emptying it." / —Barrin, master wizard
Winding Wurm: Entire trees were stripped of their bark and branches by the wurm's writhing path.
Windreader Sphinx: "Your mind is too filled with foolish concerns to hear the subtle whispers that the breeze brings."
Windreaper Falcon: Watching the windreaper / —Zhalfirin phrase meaning / "daydreaming"
Windrider Eel: "The best spot to hook one is right behind the gills." / —Rana Cloudwake, kor skyfisher
Winds of Change: "'Tis the set of sails and not the gales / Which tells us the way to go." / —Ella Wheeler Wilcox, "Winds of Fate"
Winds of Change: "'Tis the set of sails, and not the gales, Which tell us the way to go." / —Ella Wheeler Wilcox, "Winds of Fate"
Winds of Change: "'Tis the set of sails, and not the gales, Which tells us the way to go." / —Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Winds of Change: "‘Tis the set of sails, and not the gales,/ Which tells us the way to go." —Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Winds of Rath: "There shall be a vast shout and then a vaster silence." / —Oracle en-Vec
Windscouter: These nimble ships were designed for hit-and-run tactics.
Windseeker Centaur: Loyal and passionate in battle, the Windseeker tribe roams the Green Lands near the Honeyed Sea.
Windstorm: "We don't like interlopers and thieves cluttering our skies." / —Dionus, elvish archdruid
Windstorm: "When the last dragon fell, its spirit escaped as a roar into the wind." / —Temur tale
Windswept Heath: Where dragons once roared, their bones now keen.
Windwright Mage: She knows the names and secrets of each of Esper's twenty-three winds.
Wine of Blood and Iron: Godo never revealed what went into his special brew, but he always had more of it after great victories.
Wing Puncture: "If I were the air, I wouldn't taunt the ground. It has the weight advantage." / —Konnos, Sylvok sage
Wing Snare: "Argoth's doom rained from a clear sky. Yavimaya will not share that fate." / —Multani, maro-sorcerer
Wing Snare: "We are the hands of the great trees, reaching out to ensnare what threatens their branches." / —Elvish hunter
Wing Snare: The elves long ago mastered the art of hunting with nets. They call it "fishing the sky."
Wing Storm: A thousand wings beating as one can choke the sky itself.
Winged Coatl: The nacatl called this new species "vetli," their word for poison arrows.
Winged Sliver: "Everything around here has cut a deal with gravity." / —Gerrard of the Weatherlight
Wings of Aesthir: "For those of courage, even the sky holds no limit." / —Arnjlot Olasson, Sky Mage
Wings of Aesthir: "For those of courage, even the sky holds no limit." / —Arnjlot Olasson, sky mage
Wings of Hope: Urza knew Phyrexians would come through the air and sent his soldiers to greet them.
Wings of Velis Vel: Changeling magic grants unusual wishes.
Wingsteed Rider: Trust is the only bridle a pegasus will accept.
Winnow: "Strength in numbers? I think not." / —Gerrard
Winter Blast: "Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage! blow!" —William Shakespeare, King Lear
Winter Blast: "Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! rage! blow!"William Shakespeare, King Lear
Winter Orb: "When once winter has ahold, / Not willingly does she withdraw / her icy touch, wistfully caressing— / The deepened air sleeps its cold." / —Aline Corralurn, "Late Thaw"
Winter's Grasp: Summer is buried there, centuries deep; / A crypt of years where seasons sleep.
Winter's Grasp: Winter settles on the land, and the land prays it will wake.
Winterflame: "The mountains scream with the dragons' throats." / —Chianul, Who Whispers Twice
Wintermoon Mesa: Dark is light and day is night / When the winter moon shines.
Wipe Away: An eyeblink later, all that remained of the tree-beast was the breeze of its momentum.
Wipe Clean: "The light of the Ancestor will scour the taint of darkness from the land."
Wirecat: Its purr is the sound of iron filings sliding down satin.
Wirefly Hive: "The lifespan of a wirefly can be precisely described as ‘short.'" / —Bruenna, Neurok leader
Wirewood Channeler: "Your words are meaningless. The rustling of leaves is the only language that makes any sense."
Wirewood Elf: "The land belongs to nature as far as our eyes can see. The higher we climb, the more we can see."
Wirewood Guardian: Tall as a tree and probably related.
Wirewood Herald: The goblins laughed as the elf ran away, until more came back.
Wirewood Hivemaster: "Most insects have been drawn to the Mirari. But all that remain in Wirewood are under my care."
Wirewood Pride: "Though you may leave this haven we have found, may our strength never leave you."
Wirewood Savage: "She is truly Wirewood's child now." / —Elvish refugee
Wirewood Symbiote: It drinks fatigue.
Wishmonger: "It's not what you ask for, but how you ask for it."
Wistful Selkie: Selkies call to a sea they never swam, in a tongue they never spoke, with a song they never learned.
Wistful Thinking: "To probe the wonders of the multiverse, to gaze upon worlds unspoiled by blade or spell . . . it's enough to make one weep for the possibilities denied."
Wit's End: "Some images are so powerful that one glance burns them into your mind forever. Come, let us gaze on nothingness." / —Szadek
Wit's End: "Your pathetic ideas lie in shambles, Planeswalker. Where is your arrogant pride now?" / —Nicol Bolas
Witch Hunt: The accusations spread like hungry flames.
Witch's Familiar: Some bog witches practice the strange art of batrachomancy, reading portents in the number, size, and color of warts on a toad's hide.
Witch's Mist: "Hear us, Overmother. Let the strong thrive under your gelatinous hand, and let the weak writhe under your serrated heel." / —Prayer of the devoted
Witch-Maw Nephilim: When it awoke, it shattered the hillsides to make way for its passage.
Witches' Eye: The price of prophecy is a vacant eye socket.
Withdraw: "We outnumber them! Charge! Charge! Hey, where'd you guys go? Retreat! Retreat!"
Withengar Unbound: There are not enough lives on Innistrad to satisfy his thirst for retribution.
Withered Wretch: Once it consecrated the dead. Now it desecrates them.
Withering Boon: "Life for life: this is the immutable law." / —Panya, Granger Guildmage
Withering Gaze: "Nature cares not for the knowledge to be gained from its study. Better to bleed it dry, lest its potential be wasted on lizards and leaves."
Withstand Death: On Mirrodin, every conflict ends in either death or darksteel.
Withstand: "Defense is as much a part of war as offense, the shield as important a tool as the sword." / —Alovnek, Boros guildmage
Witness of the Ages: It strode through the clash of dragons, the fall of Ugin, and the rise of the khans.
Wizard Mentor: Although some of the students quickly grasped the concept, the others could summon only blackboards.
Wizard Replica: It responds with unnatural precision.
Wizards' School: The legacy of Feroz lives on.
Wizened Cenn: "Thoughtweft binds us together as one, part of an intricate pattern that would unravel if even one thread came loose."
Wizened Snitches: "Be careful what information you ask them to find, for it will likely be the subject of tale time at the alehouse." / —Sirislav, Dimir spy
Woebringer Demon: Each soul he devours adds its hunger to his own.
Woeleecher: One head senses the curse. The second loosens it from the soul. The third drinks it as an invigorating mist.
Wojek Apothecary: "A few arrows aren't enough to pierce your faith, soldier. You'll be back on the battlefield by sun's dawn."
Wojek Embermage: "Your brother's crimes are your crimes. You stood by and lent support, so you too must face judgment."
Wojek Halberdiers: Tired of Boros interference, the Rakdos unleashed hellraiser goblins, hoping their corpses would weigh down the halberds.
Wojek Siren: It is the call to arms, the call to fury, the call to blood.
Wolf-Skull Shaman: A chorus of howls answers his call.
Wolfcaller's Howl: "Knowledge is a stain that only instinct and ferocity can cleanse." / —Drarg, wolfcaller
Wolfhunter's Quiver: "Steel in the heart, silver in the bow." / —Wolfhunter's creed
Wolfir Avenger: Released from a dark curse and bound to a higher calling.
Wolverine Pack: "Give them great meals of beef and iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils." / —William Shakespeare, King Henry V
Wolverine Pack: "Give them great meals of beef and iron and steel, they will eat like wolves and fight like devils." —William Shakespeare, King Henry V
Wonder: "The awestruck birds gazed at Wonder. Slowly, timidly, they rose into the air." / —Scroll of Beginnings
Wood Elves: Every branch a crossroads, every vine a swift steed.
Wood Elves: Secure in the embrace of wood, they want no part of Eladamri's war.
Wooded Bastion: The elves of Wilt-Leaf Wood continually expand the palisade surrounding the sanctuary. They hope to one day enclose the entire forest within its walls.
Wooded Foothills: Where dragons' breath once burned, their bones now freeze.
Wooden Sphere: Strengthened by a thousand limbs.
Woodland Cemetery: Farmers cut the trees and buried their dead. The dead rose up and killed the farmers. The trees grew back and strangled the dead.
Woodland Changeling: Changelings cannot resist the draw of a new shape, even if doing so would be in their best interests.
Woodland Druid: What is a tree? / Slow hard thought. / What is a flower? / Swift soft flesh. / What is a druid? / Both.
Woodland Sleuth: "Whatever did this is near. Death reversion has not yet occurred. Be alert!"
Woodlot Crawler: "We learned something from the Simic. Unfortunately for them." / —Nefara, Dimir agent
Woodlurker Mimic: A mimic's disguise fools its victims just long enough to draw them within range of its venomous tentacles.
Woodwraith Corrupter: "Its darkened sap penetrates natural fibers and spreads its own genes. Emulation experiments are underway." / —Simic research notes
Woodwraith Strangler: "Nothing could be more natural than roots sucking nourishment from the dead." / —Savra
Woolly Loxodon: Even among the hardiest warriors of the Temur, loxodons are respected for their adaptation to the mountain snows.
Woolly Mammoths: "Mammoths may be good to ride on, but they're certainly bad to fall off of!" / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Woolly Spider: "We need not fear the forces of the air; I've yet to see a Spider without an appetite." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Woolly Spider: "We need not fear the forces of the air; I've yet to see a spider without an appetite." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Woolly Thoctar: One of the most ferocious and deadly gargantuans, the thoctar never sees its worshippers, but it often awakens surrounded by gifts and sacrifices.
Word of Binding: "That was the worst experience of my days, standing there helpless as they killed my whole troop." —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Word of Binding: "That was the worst experience of my days: standing there helpless as they killed my whole troop." / —Maeveen O'Donagh, Memoirs of a Soldier
Word of Blasting: "Walls? What walls?" / —Jaya Ballard, Task Mage
Word of Blasting: "Walls? What walls?" / —Jaya Ballard, task mage
Word of Seizing: "Obey!"
Word of Undoing: "It was in Urza's journals that I finally found the secret at the core of the summonings." / —Journal, author unknown
Wordmail: "Suck on it, Stangg" / —Sol'kanar the Swamp King
Words of War: "Passions can't be shackled by laws or mastered with logic. The choice is freedom or death." / —Volume IV, The Book of Fire
Words of Waste: "Terror corrupts order and paralyzes instinct." / —Volume III, The Book of Decay
Words of Wilding: "Instinct is undaunted by terror, unchained by logic. It is the path from which all other paths diverge." / —Volume V, The Book of Life
Words of Wind: "Be logical in all things. Do not allow instinct or passion to cloud your mind." / —Volume II, The Book of Insight
Words of Wisdom: Knowledge can't be kept in a bottle or sealed in a box. It yearns to be spread and shared.
Words of Worship: "The faithful don't succumb to terror, nor are they ruled by passion. They adhere to order, for order is life." / —Volume I, The Book of Faith
Working Stiff: Oh, does your nose itch?
World Queller: "Why fight the world when you know who will win?" / —Nissa Revane
World-Bottling Kit: YOUR AD HERE
Worldfire: Even the smallest spark may set a world ablaze.
Worldly Counsel: Every horizon hides a new possibility.
Worldly Tutor: "Aselbo soon had the rhino eating from his palm and the snake waiting at his heels." / —Afari, Tales
Worldpurge: The Aurora is not the only magic capable of remaking a world.
Worldslayer: "If that is what you seek, try looking in craters." / —Fodrus, mastersmith
Wormfang Newt: Spawned by mages emulating the insane.
Wormfang Turtle: Chainer's admirers keep his dreams alive.
Worms of the Earth: The ground collapsed, leaving nothing but the great Worms' mucous residues.
Worn Powerstone: Even a fragment of a powerstone contains within it not just energy, but space—vast dimensions trapped in fragile crystal.
Worship: "Believe in the ideal, not the idol." / —Serra
Worst Fears: Elspeth feared that her trespass into Nyx would not go unanswered.
Wort, Boggart Auntie: Auntie always knows which berries to lick, which kithkin to trick, and what to do when either goes wrong.
Wound Reflection: The mission of the Nighthearth, Illulia's cult of murderous cinders, is to intensify every pain suffered in Shadowmoor.
Wrack with Madness: The skathul, spirits consumed by revenge, fester and seethe while looking for weak minds to assault.
Wrap in Flames: "Our pyromancer's flames may not have killed them, but they bought us the time we needed." / —The War Diaries
Wrap in Vigor: Some nature mages unknowingly took advantage of the temporal energies still swirling on Dominaria. What they mistook for healing magic was in fact the manipulation of time.
Wrath of God: "As flies to wanton boys, are we to the gods. They kill us for their sport." / —William Shakespeare, King Lear
Wrath of God: Legend speaks of the lost coastal polis of Olantin, whose inhabitants' hubris enraged the sun god Heliod.
Wrath of Marit Lage: "Marit Lage lies frozen in a glacier's heart. Still her dreams take form in our world, stealing the heat from our souls." / —Halvor Arenson, Kjeldoran priest
Wrath of Marit Lage: Dread Marit Lage lies dreaming, not dead.
Wreak Havoc: "Crush them!" / —Borborygmos
Wreath of Geists: Before you travel the woods of Kessig, first get permission from those who died trying.
Wrecking Ball: Rakdos festivals almost leave enough rubble in their wake to hide the bodies.
Wrecking Ogre: If no opponent can be found, ogres of the Bolrac Clan will often pick fights with buildings.
Wrench Mind: What is the sound of one head snapping?
Wretched Anurid: The only prince inside this frog is the one it ate.
Wretched Banquet: "The meek inherit nothing." / —Sedris, the Traitor King
Wring Flesh: "Don't blame me. You're the one walking around with skin." / —Zul Ashur, lich lord
Wring Flesh: "You shouldn't be so attached to something as fragile as flesh." / —Zul Ashur, lich lord
Wu Admiral: The Wu kingdom's well-trained admirals were integral to the Southlands' victory at Red Cliffs as well as the kingdom's defense.
Wu Elite Cavalry: At the second battle of Ruxu, the brave Wu general Gan Ning raided Cao Cao's camp of 400,000 men with only 100 cavalry. Not a single man or horse was lost.
Wu Infantry: The first battle of Hefei was Sun Quan's last as a field general. From then on he let his generals command in the field while he directed battle from behind the front lines.
Wu Light Cavalry: A cunning strategist, Cao Ren tricked Zhou Yu by letting him enter Nanjun. Zhou Yu thought he was capturing the city until Cao Ren's arrows rained down upon him.
Wu Warship: Both Wu and Wei warships patrolled the Yangtze River, the natural border between the two kingdoms.
Wurm's Tooth: "The great wurm bit down on me. Instead of being crunched bloody, I slid into the space where its tooth was missing. One tooth—a boon most potent, indeed." / —The Tall Tales of Oleander
Wurm's Tooth: A wurm knows nothing of deception. If it opens its mouth, it plans to eat you.
Wurm's Tooth: Jevna Nor lugged it around, bragging of his triumph over the wurm. Luckily, the tavern regulars didn't notice it was only a baby tooth.
Wurmskin Forger: It takes three weeks for a patrol of hunters to down a slagwurm. It takes just as long to make a single cut in its hide.
Wurmweaver Coil: Some use magic to spy through walls. Others use it to crush them.
Wydwen, the Biting Gale: In a world of bright, cloudless skies, she is the dark storm on the horizon.
Wyluli Wolf: "When one wolf calls, others follow. / Who wants to fight creatures that eat scorpions?" / —Maimun al-Wyluli, diary
Wyluli Wolf: "When one wolf calls, others follow. Who wants to fight creatures that eat scorpions?" / —Maimun al-Wyluli, diary
Wyluli Wolf: "When one wolf calls, others follow. Who wants to fight creatures that eat scorpions?"Maimun al-Wyluli, Diary
Xantcha: A Phyrexian "sleeper agent," Xantcha has developed an inviolate sense of self. This aberration earned her a death sentence, but she was rescued by Urza and joined his crusade. Her Phyrexian credo of "Waste not, want not" has helped Urza more than even he comprehends.
Xanthic Statue: "Until you have lived as a statue, do not talk to me of pigeons." / —Karn, silver golem
Xantid Swarm: When they land on you, all you can think about is tearing them off.
Xathrid Necromancer: "My commands shall echo forever in their dusty skulls."
Xathrid Slyblade: Designed by Rob Pardo
Xenograft: "I despise Vorinclex and his slobberings about ‘evolution.' Only I know true progress." / —Jin-Gitaxias, Core Augur
Xira Arien: A regular guest at the Royal Masquerade, Arien is the envy of the Court. She appears in a new costume every hour.
Xun Yu, Wei Advisor: "A splendid talent, admired of all men! His folly lay in serving Cao Cao's power."
Yavimaya Ancients: "The Ancients teach us that if we can but last, we shall prevail." / —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Yavimaya Ancients: "We orphans of Fyndhorn have found no welcome in this alien place." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, Elvish Hunter
Yavimaya Ancients: "We orphans of Fyndhorn have found no welcome in this alien place." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Yavimaya Ancients: "We orphans of Fyndhorn have found no welcome in this alient place." / —Taaveti of Kelsinko, elvish hunter
Yavimaya Ants: "Few natural forces are as devastating as hunger." / —Kaysa, Elder Druid of the Juniper Order
Yavimaya Ants: "Few natural forces are as devastating as hunger." / —Kaysa, elder druid of the Juniper Order
Yavimaya Barbarian: Not all elves embrace the pastoral life. Some still roam the forest's edge, forever making war against their hated enemies.
Yavimaya Dryad: The parched earth still shielded those few souls with the heart to call it home.
Yavimaya Enchantress: From each seed, a world. From each world, a thousand seeds.
Yavimaya Enchantress: Her roots connect her to the forest's wishes.
Yavimaya Gnats: "It is our third day of travel on the Yavimaya River, and still these creatures plague us. Davin Lansson, our naturalist, has facetiously labeled them ‘gnats,' and the name has stuck." / —Disa the Restless, journal entry
Yavimaya Hollow: For all its traps and defenses, Yavimaya has its havens, too.
Yavimaya Kavu: Kavu hunt prey in packs—one kavu hunts a pack of prey.
Yavimaya Scion: Each time the saw blade bit, the tree spat it out.
Yavimaya Wurm: Anywhere else, colossal. In the forests of Yavimaya, commonplace.
Yavimaya Wurm: When the gorilla playfully grabbed the wurm's tail, the wurm doubled back and playfully ate the gorilla's head.
Yawgmoth's Bargain: He craves only one commodity.
Yawgmoth's Edict: "Phyrexia's purity permits no other." / —Xantcha, Phyrexian outcast
Yawgmoth's Edict: The warping of bodies and souls has become the heart of Yawgmoth's existence.
Yawning Fissure: The mapmaker scowled. He sighed, unrolled his parchment, and painted a large black blob where the Eternal Meadow was once marked.
Yellow Scarves General: Zhang Jue, leader of the Yellow Scarves rebellion, was a Taoist master and tutored his soldiers in those arts.
Yellow Scarves Troops: Over 500,000 commoners followed Zhang Jue, General of Heaven, in his attempt to overthrow the corrupt Han dynasty.
Yet Another Æther Vortex: It puts the "vortex" in "flavortext."
Yeva's Forcemage: "Nature can't be stopped. It rips and tears at Ravnica's tallest buildings to claim its place in the sun."
Yeva, Nature's Herald: "I can call an army to my side in the blink of an eye. Best not blink."
Yew Spirit: "I wonder what dwelled in the primordial forests before humans existed." / —Elder Rimheit
Yisan, the Wanderer Bard: Designed by Brian Fargo
Yixlid Jailer: "I have an eternity to know the souls who are bound here, to behold their every facet. But moments from now they will be gagged and masked, and they shall be known by none other."
Yixlid Jailer: He holds the keys to a tombful of incarcerated secrets.
Yoke of the Damned: The demon's yoke is part leash, part noose.
Yoked Ox: It was in fields of grain, not fields of battle, that the Champion learned to bear the yoke of duty to the gods. She worked the land long before she was called on to defend it. / —The Theriad
Yoked Plowbeast: "It is sacrilege to confine a gargantuan to the grinding of straight lines. I will pray that it remembers who is the master of this land." / —Syeena, elvish godtoucher
Yomiji, Who Bars the Way: "As I died, I rejoiced. I would see my family again. But then I woke up back on the battlefield. Back in Kamigawa. Back in hell." / —Kenzo the Hardhearted
Yore-Tiller Nephilim: When it awoke, the worms of the earth hissed in a chorus of beckoning.
Yotian Soldier: After Kroog was destroyed while most of its defenders were at his side, Urza vowed that none of his allies would ever need to fear for their own defense again, even while laying siege to a city far from their homes.
Yotian Soldier: Poets dream the verses of otherworldly stories. Artificers dream the blueprints of otherplanar artifacts.
Young Pyromancer: Immolation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Young Wei Recruits: "To send the common people to war untrained is to throw them away." / —Confucius, The Analects (trans. Lau)
Young Wolf: The Ulvenwald makes no allowances for youth. Today's newborn is either tomorrow's hunter or tomorrow's lunch.
Your Fate Is Thrice Sealed: "I can't abide laziness. Arise, forces of nature, and serve your master!"
Your Puny Minds Cannot Fathom: "I have seen far beyond this imperfect world, into a tomorrow that doesn't include you."
Your Will Is Not Your Own: "Fool. I'll show you how to use that thing."
Youthful Knight: "Let no child be without a sword. We will all fight, for if we fail, we will certainly all die." / —Oracle en-Vec
Youthful Knight: Idealism fits him better than his armor.
Yukora, the Prisoner: It took ninety-nine monks to weave the spell that trapped Yukora. Upon the death of the ninety-nine, the spell was broken, and the demon returned to the mortal world seeking vengeance for its imprisonment.
Yule Ooze: It loves having family for dinner.
Zap: "All this time I thought Squee was useless," chuckled Sisay. "Who knew he'd be such a good shot?"
Zarichi Tiger: "The taming and consecration of these creatures is evidence of our faith." / —Resimir, Zarichi Temple priest
Zealots en-Dal: "Great chains shall free our warriors." / —Oracle en-Vec
Zealous Guardian: Parapet watchers patrol the outer edges of the doun, signaling to others who wait patiently in shadow.
Zealous Inquisitor: "I only return what rightly belongs to another."
Zealous Inquisitor: Wine and balm for the confessions of the repentant. Razors and irons for the confessions of the unrepentant.
Zealous Persecution: "Jharic returned from Grixis changed, a haunted look in her eyes. She destroyed them with an unholy glee that made me shudder." / —Knight-Captain Wyhorn
Zealous Strike: "Cower, fiend. The night is yours no longer."
Zebra Unicorn: "I'll capture gentle zebras / for your steeds and fill the stable with every kind of unicorn." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Zelyon Sword: No sheath shall hold what finds its home in flesh.
Zendikar Farguide: Expeditions follow the paths it leaves in its wake.
Zephid's Embrace: Spells will shun you, as will everyone else.
Zephid: Once you've seen one, you'll understand why spells won't go near them.
Zephyr Charge: "All armies prefer high ground to low and sunny places to dark." / —Sun Tzu, Art of War, trans. Giles
Zephyr Falcon: Although greatly prized among falconers, the Zephyr Falcon is capricious and not easily tamed.
Zephyr Falcon: Although greatly prized among falconers, the zephyr falcon is capricious and not easily tamed.
Zephyr Net: Faeries hang beings that interest them as ornaments in the sky, each clique competing to outshine the prize of the last.
Zephyr Spirit: A spiteful force exists on Ravnica that binds these ghosts to the land of the living but forbids them to touch it.
Zephyr Sprite: "I've never understood why so many beings lumber around on the ground. There are three dimensions, yet they use only two."
Zerapa Minotaur: There's no difference between bone and crystal when it's piercing your throat.
Zhalfirin Commander: "Command is the act of balancing on a vine and convincing others that it is firm ground." / —Sidar Jabari
Zhalfirin Crusader: "War is the crucible of leadership." / —Rashida Scalebane
Zhalfirin Knight: "You returned a warrior. . . . Your hair was cut, your eye tattooed with the red triangle of war." / —"Love Song of Night and Day"
Zhang Fei, Fierce Warrior: Zhang Fei's uncharacteristic alliance with a defeated Riverlands general, Yan Yan, allowed Shu forces to advance through forty-five Riverlands strongpoints with no casualties.
Zhao Zilong, Tiger General: Zhao Zilong was a brave and noble warrior. Twice he rescued Liu Bei's son, Liu Shan.
Zhou Yu, Chief Commander: "After making me, Zhou Yu, did you have to make Kongming?" / —Zhou Yu crying to heaven on his deathbed
Zhuge Jin, Wu Strategist: When Zhuge Jin proposed the marriage of Guan Yu's daugher and Sun Quan's heir, Guan Yu's arrogant refusal led to disaster.
Zhur-Taa Ancient: Many Ravnicans think of nature as orderly groves and elf-tended rot farms. They haven't seen the Gruul wilds.
Zhur-Taa Druid: "Only the decadent think magic should be pristine and without cost."
Zhur-Taa Swine: Gurley was the first to domesticate one, though his widow didn't take much solace in that accomplishment.
Zo-Zu the Punisher: "He can cause a lot of pain and do it with no fuss. That's all good, but I just wish he didn't do it to us" / —Ku-Ku, akki poet
Zodiac Dog: ". . . Jiang Wei alone still strove with might and main: / Nine times more he fought the north—in vain. . . ."
Zodiac Dragon: ". . . The kingdoms three are now the stuff of dream, / For men to ponder, past all praise or blame."
Zodiac Dragon: ". . . The kingdoms three are now the stuff of dream,/ For men to ponder, past all praise or blame."
Zodiac Goat: ". . . Near death in Baidi, having reigned three years, / Bei sadly placed his son in Kongming's care. . . ."
Zodiac Horse: ". . . ‘First take Jingzhou, next the Riverlands; / On that rich region, base your own royal stand.' . . ."
Zodiac Monkey: ". . . By six offensives from the hills of Qi / Kongming sought to change Han's destiny. . . ."
Zodiac Monkey: It lives mainly on fruit, leaves, and the occasional nose.
Zodiac Ox: ". . . Cao's abdication changed the face of all; / No mighty battles marked the Southland's fall. . . ."
Zodiac Pig: ". . . Zhong Hui and Deng Ai next led armies west: / And to the Cao, Han's hills and streams now passed. . . ."
Zodiac Rabbit: ". . . The world's affairs rush on, an endless stream; / A sky-told fate, infinite in reach, dooms all. . . ."
Zodiac Rat: " . . . Cao Pi, Cao Rui, Fang, Mao, and briefly, Huan— / The Sima took the empire in their turn. . . ."
Zodiac Rooster: ". . . But the time of Han had run—could he Kongming not tell?— / That night his master star fell past the hills. . . ."
Zodiac Snake: "Thrice Xuande's ardent quest led to Nanyang, / Where Sleeping Dragon unveiled Han's partition: . . ."
Zodiac Tiger: ". . . Three kings no more—Chenliu, Guiming, Anle. / The fiefs and posts must now be filled anew. . . ."
Zoetic Cavern: Nothing lives within it, yet there is life.
Zof Shade: It haunts the remnants of the Helix of Zof, leeching strength from the vast Eldrazi ruin.
Zof Shade: Shades are drawn to places of power, often rooting themselves in a single area to feed.
Zombie Apocalypse: "There will come a day so dark you will pray for death. On that day your prayers will be answered." / —Minaldra, the Vizag Atum
Zombie Assassin: "Zombies don't kill. They recruit." / —Braids, dementia summoner
Zombie Boa: It doesn't need to feed, but still it hungers.
Zombie Brute: Measure its determination by the screams of its prey.
Zombie Cannibal: Nothing is sacred to the undead—not even their own kind.
Zombie Cutthroat: The single-mindedness of a zombie, the cunning of an assassin.
Zombie Fanboy: The real advantage of being a zombie gamer? No one notices the stench.
Zombie Goliath: "Phirax of Blood Ridge has sent a war giant at us? What, do I have to spell it out for you? Kill the giant, scoop out its skull, and drive it back to Blood Ridge. Honestly, what kind of necromancer minions are you?" / —Keren-Dur, necromancer lord
Zombie Goliath: "Removing the encumbrance of useless brain tissue grants several advantages: a slight increase in mobility, a response of revulsion and horror from the enemy, and, in the case of large specimens, room for passengers." / —Zul Ashur, lich lord
Zombie Infestation: The nomads' funeral pyres are more practical than ceremonial.
Zombie Master: He controlled the zombies even before his own death; now nothing can make them betray him.
Zombie Master: They say the Zombie Master controlled these foul creatures even before his own death, but now that he is one of them, nothing can make them betray him.
Zombie Musher: The World Spell thawed their icy graves, promising rest in soft, quiet earth at last. But Heidar called them to duty for a twisted cause.
Zombie Outlander: The ripe smell of life drifted into Grixis. The dead caught the scent and with reckless hunger followed it back into Jund.
Zombie Scavengers: "Pick a shell upon my shore and put it to your ear. That sound isn't the sea, but the whispers of the fallen." / —Crovax
Zombie Trailblazer: Some zombies are natural-reborn leaders.
Zombify: "The first birth celebrates life. The second birth mocks it." / —Mystic elder
Zoologist: "With friends like these, who needs people?"
Zuberi, Golden Feather: "If the griffins tell of their gods, perhaps they speak of feathers bright as the Sun." / —Afari, Tales
Zur the Enchanter: Zur remained aloof from Terisiare's suffering, intent only on his own perfection.
Zuran Enchanter: "We are Kjeldorans no more." / —Zur the Enchanter
Zuran Orb: "I will go to any length to achieve my goal. Eternal life is worth any sacrifice." / —Zur the Enchanter
Zuran Spellcaster: "A mage must be precise as well as potent; cautious, as well as clever." / —Zur the Enchanter
Zzzyxas's Abyss: Tired of always being picked last, the wizard Zzzyxas created the ultimate revenge.
_____: {1}: This card's flavor text becomes the flavor text of your choice. (This ability doesn't work because it's flavor text, not rules text (but neither does this reminder text, so you figure it out).)
Ærathi Berserker: Ærathi children who show promise are left to survive for a year in the wilderness. Those who return are shown the way of the Berserker
Æther Adept: "The universe is my instrument, and the song I play upon it is one you are forbidden to hear."
Æther Adept: Some mages do their best work in solitude. Others do their best work creating it.
Æther Barrier: "Creatures fade in and out of existence. It's an unfortunate side effect. The losses are tolerable." / —Belbe
Æther Burst: As fleeting as a cephalid's promise.
Æther Charge: "Is it just me, or does that meteor have teeth?"
Æther Flash: "You can't get there from here. Well, you can—it just won't be fun." / —Ertai, wizard adept
Æther Flash: As the foul beast appeared, arcane lightning crackled around it.
Æther Gale: The militia formed up in the central plaza awaiting the onslaught, but the giants never quite made it.
Æther Shockwave: "The strain upon the veil between worlds began to show near the end of the Kami War. Strange happenings that neither side could control lashed out across Kamigawa." / —Observations of the Kami War
Æther Snap: "May you wake to find you were only ever a dream." / —Mephidross curse
Æther Spellbomb: "Release that which was never caged." / —Spellbomb inscription
Æther Sting: When Gatha fell, he was called to account for each abomination he created.
Æther Storm: "I do love the rain . . . but this storm feels somehow wrong, Taysir." / —Daria
Æther Storm: Thunder in the wind / no rain / peace mourns its passing.
Æther Tide: The tide of magic brought them here. Now it would take them home.
Æther Tradewinds: "The wind smells of misfortune. Check your knots." / —Anitan, Ondu cleric
Ætherize: "You can come back once you've learned some manners—and figured out how to reconstitute your physical forms."
Ætherplasm: Its fickle form holds hints of a thousand former identities.
Ætherspouts: "Don't worry, there's plenty for everyone." / —Vickon, Eleventh Company battlemage
